_database-integrations/mysql/magento/magento-latest.md, before:

---
title: Magento (v1)
keywords: magento, database integration, etl magento, magento etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/magento
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Magento database using Stitch's Magento integration."
show-in-menus: true

key: "magento-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "magento"
display_name: "Magento"
setup-name: "MySQL"

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql

this-version: "1"

hosting-type: "generic"

driver: |
  [PyMySQL 0.7.11](https://pymysql.readthedocs.io/en/latest/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true
singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 3306
db-type: "mysql"

## Stitch features
api-type: "platform.mysql"
versions: "n/a"
ssh: true
ssl: false

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "n/a"
log-based-replication-master-instance: false
log-based-replication-read-replica: false

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: false


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**Permissions in {{ integration.display_name }} that allow you to create/manage users.** This is required to create the Stitch database user."

# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "db-user"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="You must have the `CREATE USER` and `GRANT OPTION` privileges to complete this step." %} 

      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Define the database connection details"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_database-integrations/mysql/magento/magento-latest.md, after:

---
title: Magento (v1)
keywords: magento, database integration, etl magento, magento etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/magento
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Magento database using Stitch's Magento integration."
show-in-menus: true

key: "magento-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "magento"
display_name: "Magento"
setup-name: "MySQL"

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql

this-version: "1"

hosting-type: "generic"

driver: |
  [PyMySQL 0.7.11](https://pymysql.readthedocs.io/en/latest/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true
singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 3306
db-type: "mysql"

## Stitch features
api-type: "platform.mysql"
versions: "n/a"
ssh: true
ssl: false

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
select-all: "sometimes"
select-all-reason: "Log-based Incremental Replication must be enabled and set as the default Replication Method to use the Select All feature."

table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "n/a"
log-based-replication-master-instance: false
log-based-replication-read-replica: false

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: false


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**Permissions in {{ integration.display_name }} that allow you to create/manage users.** This is required to create the Stitch database user."

# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "db-user"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="You must have the `CREATE USER` and `GRANT OPTION` privileges to complete this step." %} 

      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Define the database connection details"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
