_saas-integrations/closeio/v1/closeio-v1.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Close.io
permalink: /integrations/saas/closeio
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: closeio, integration, schema, etl closeio, closeio etl, closeio schema
layout: singer
# input: false

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "closeio"
display_name: "Close.io"
singer: true
tap-name: "Close.io"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-closeio

this-version: "1.0"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Open Beta"
certified: true

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Paid"
status-url: "http://status.close.io/"
icon: /images/integrations/icons/closeio.svg

attribution-window: "24 hours"

anchor-scheduling: true
extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Generate a Close.io API Key"
    anchor: "generate-closeio-api-key"
    content: |
      1. Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account.
      2. Click the **user menu (your icon)** in the top right corner.
      3. Click **Settings**.
      4. In the Company menu (located under the **You** menu), click **Your API Keys**.
      5. In the Your API Keys section, click the **Generate New API Key** button.
      6. A new API Key will display. Keep this handy; you’ll need it in the next step.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
        4. In the **API Key** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} API Key.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/closeio/v1


# -------------------------- #
#      Replication Info      #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - content: |
      {% assign window = "Attribution Window" %}
      {% assign table = "activities" %}
      {% assign replication-key = "date_created" %}
      {% assign start-date ="07/03/2017" %}
      {% assign replication-key-historical = "2017-07-02 00:00:00" %}
      {% assign replication-key-ongoing = "2017-09-30 00:00:00" %}

      {% capture reason %}
      As {{ integration.display_name }} doesn't currently provide a way to query for activities based on modification time, Stitch replicates data in this way to ensure updated activities are captured. A list of available querying methods can be found in [{{ integration.display_name }}'s documentation](https://developer.close.io/#activities-list-or-filter-all-activity-types){:target="new"}.
      {% endcapture %}

      {% include integrations/saas/attribution-windows.html attribution-reason=reason%}

      Refer to the documentation for each of these tables in the next section for more info.

      ### Attribution window examples

      In the tabs below are examples of attribution windows behave during historical (initial) and ongoing replication jobs.

      {% include integrations/saas/attribution-window-examples.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add 30 day historical limit for event_log table

_saas-integrations/closeio/v1/closeio-v1.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Close.io
permalink: /integrations/saas/closeio
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: closeio, integration, schema, etl closeio, closeio etl, closeio schema
layout: singer
# input: false

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "closeio"
display_name: "Close.io"
singer: true
tap-name: "Close.io"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-closeio

this-version: "1.0"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Open Beta"
certified: true

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Paid"
status-url: "http://status.close.io/"
icon: /images/integrations/icons/closeio.svg

attribution-window: "24 hours"

anchor-scheduling: true
extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Generate a Close.io API Key"
    anchor: "generate-closeio-api-key"
    content: |
      1. Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account.
      2. Click the **user menu (your icon)** in the top right corner.
      3. Click **Settings**.
      4. In the Company menu (located under the **You** menu), click **Your API Keys**.
      5. In the Your API Keys section, click the **Generate New API Key** button.
      6. A new API Key will display. Keep this handy; you’ll need it in the next step.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
        4. In the **API Key** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} API Key.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/closeio/v1


# -------------------------- #
#      Replication Info      #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - title: "Replicating activity data"
    anchor: "replicate-activity-data"
    content: |
      {% assign window = "Attribution Window" %}
      {% assign table = "activities" %}
      {% assign replication-key = "date_created" %}
      {% assign start-date ="07/03/2017" %}
      {% assign replication-key-historical = "2017-07-02 00:00:00" %}
      {% assign replication-key-ongoing = "2017-09-30 00:00:00" %}

      {% capture reason %}
      As {{ integration.display_name }} doesn't currently provide a way to query for activities based on modification time, Stitch replicates data in this way to ensure updated activities are captured. A list of available querying methods can be found in [{{ integration.display_name }}'s documentation](https://developer.close.io/#activities-list-or-filter-all-activity-types){:target="new"}.
      {% endcapture %}

      {% include integrations/saas/attribution-windows.html attribution-reason=reason%}

      Refer to the documentation for each of these tables in the next section for more info.

      #### Attribution window examples

      In the tabs below are examples of attribution windows behave during historical (initial) and ongoing replication jobs.

      {% include integrations/saas/attribution-window-examples.html %}

  - title: "Historical event log data limitations"
    anchor: "historical-event-log-data"
    content: |
      Due to how {{ integration.display_name }}'s API functions, [only 30 days of historical data is available for event logs](https://developer.close.io/#event-log){:target="new"}:

      > Most actions in Close.io that change an object are logged in the event log. For example, creating a lead, sending an email, or deleting a note will create an event log entry. The event log API allows you to access these events, up to 30 days back in history.

      This means that despite what the integration's **Start Date** is set to, Stitch will only be able to retrieve 30 days of historical data **from the connection date** for the `event_log` table.

      Additionally, note that if you ever [reset the integration]({{ link.replication.saas-historical | prepend: site.baseurl }}), this will also apply to the date the integration is reset.
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
