_saas-integrations/recurly/v14-09-2016/recurly-v14-09-2016.md, before:

---
title: Recurly
permalink: /integrations/saas/recurly
keywords: recurly, integration, schema, etl recurly, recurly etl, recurly schema
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's Recurly integration."
format: ## controls formatting options in template
  schema-list: true
  table-desc: true
  list: expand

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "recurly"
display_name: "Recurly"

singer: false
status-url: "https://status.recurly.com/"

this-version: "14-09-2016"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: true

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Paid"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: false

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

tables:
## Accounts
  - name: "recurly_accounts"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/account-object
    description: "comprehensive customer account information."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "account_code"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: account_code
      - name: adjustments
      - name: account_balance
      - name: billing_info
      - name: invoices
      - name: redemption
      - name: subscriptions
      - name: transactions
      - name: state
      - name: username
      - name: email
      - name: cc_emails
      - name: first_name
      - name: last_name
      - name: company_name
      - name: vat_number
      - name: tax_exempt
      - name: address__address1
      - name: address__address2
      - name: address__city
      - name: address__state
      - name: address__zip
      - name: address__country
      - name: address__phone
      - name: shipping__address
      - name: shipping__first_name
      - name: shipping__last_name
      - name: shipping__company_name
      - name: shipping__email
      - name: shipping__phone
      - name: shipping__vat_number
      - name: shipping__address1
      - name: shipping__address2
      - name: shipping__city
      - name: shipping__state
      - name: shipping__zip
      - name: shipping__country
      - name: shipping__nickname
      - name: accept_language
      - name: hosted_login_token
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: closed_at

## Add Ons
  - name: "recurly_add_ons"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/list-add-ons-for-a-plan
    description: "info about plan add-ons, which are additional products in your plan that recur."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "add_on_code"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: add_on_code
      - name: plan_code
      - name: name
      - name: uuid
      - name: state
      - name: unit_amount_in_cents<code>*</code>
      - name: currency
      - name: quantity
      - name: activated_at
      - name: canceled_at
      - name: expires_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: total_billing_cycles
      - name: remaining_billing_cycles
      - name: current_period_started_at
      - name: current_period_ends_at
      - name: trial_started_at
      - name: trial_ends_at
      - name: terms_and_conditions
      - name: customer_notes
      - name: tax_in_cents
      - name: tax_type
      - name: tax_region
      - name: tax_rate
      - name: po_number
      - name: net_terms
      - name: collection_method
      - name: subscription_add_ons<code>*</code>

## Not currently replicating from this endpoint
## Leaving in case it's supported in the future.

## Adjustments
##  - name: "recurly_adjustments"
##    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/adjustment-object
##    description: "a history of your customer’s Recurly account, which is made up of credits and charges."
##    notes: 
##    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
##    primary-key: "id"
##    nested-structures: true
##    attributes:
##      - name: Adjustment ID (<code>id</code>)
##      - name: uuid
##      - name: state
##      - name: description
##      - name: accounting_code
##      - name: product_code
##      - name: origin
##      - name: unit_amount_in_cents<code>*</code>
##      - name: quantity
##      - name: quantity_remaining
##      - name: original_adjustment_uuid
##      - name: discount_in_cents
##      - name: tax_in_cents
##      - name: total_in_cents
##      - name: currency
##      - name: taxable
##      - name: tax_type
##      - name: tax_region
##      - name: tax_rate
##      - name: tax_exempt
##      - name: tax_code
##      - name: tax_details<code>*</code>

## Billing Info
  - name: "recurly_billing_info"
    doc-link: 
    description: "info about your customers' billing details. <strong>Note that while there isn't sensitive info (e.g. credit card numbers) in this table, you should still work to keep this data private as there are columns containing bank information.</strong>"
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "account_href"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: account_href
      - name: first_name
      - name: last_name
      - name: company
      - name: address1
      - name: address2
      - name: city
      - name: state
      - name: zip
      - name: country
      - name: phone
      - name: vat_number
      - name: ip_address
      - name: ip_address_country
      - name: card_type
      - name: year
      - name: month
      - name: first_six
      - name: last_four

## Coupons
  - name: "recurly_coupons"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/list-active-coupons
    description: "info on active coupons."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "coupon_code"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: coupon_code
      - name: name
      - name: state
      - name: description
      - name: discount_type
      - name: discount_percent
      - name: invoice_description
      - name: redeem_by_date
      - name: single_use
      - name: applies_for_months
      - name: max_redemptions
      - name: applies_to_all_plans
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: deleted_at
      - name: duration
      - name: temporal_unit
      - name: temporal_amount
      - name: applies_to_non_plan_charges
      - name: redemption_resource
      - name: max_redemption_per_account
      - name: coupon_type
      - name: plan_codes<code>*</code>

## Invoices
  - name: "recurly_invoices"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/list-invoices
    description: "info about the invoices in your Recurly account."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "invoice_number"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: invoice_number
      - name: address__address1
      - name: address__address2
      - name: address__city
      - name: address__state
      - name: address__zip
      - name: address__country
      - name: address__phone
      - name: shipping_address__address1
      - name: shipping_address__address2
      - name: shipping_address__city
      - name: shipping_address__state
      - name: shipping_address__zip
      - name: shipping_address__country
      - name: shipping_address__phone
      - name: uuid
      - name: state
      - name: po_number
      - name: vat_number
      - name: subtotal_in_cents
      - name: tax_in_cents
      - name: total_in_cents
      - name: currency
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: closed_at
      - name: terms_and_conditions
      - name: customer_notes
      - name: tax_type
      - name: tax_region
      - name: tax_rate
      - name: net_terms
      - name: collection_method
      - name: line_items<code>*</code>

## Plans
  - name: "recurly_plans"
    doc-link: 
    description: "the data relating to each of your plans."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "plan_code"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: plan_code
      - name: name
      - name: description
      - name: success_url
      - name: cancel_url
      - name: display_donation_amounts
      - name: display_quantity
      - name: display_phone_number
      - name: display_hosted_confirmation
      - name: unit_name
      - name: payment_page_tos_link
      - name: plan_interval_length
      - name: plan_interval_unit
      - name: trial_interval_length
      - name: trial_interval_unit
      - name: total_billing_cycles
      - name: accounting_code
      - name: setup_fee_accounting_code
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: revenue_schedule_type
      - name: setup_fee_schedule_type
      - name: tax_exempt
      - name: tax_code
      - name: unit_amount_in_cents<code>*</code>
      - name: setup_fee_in_cents<code>*</code>

## Redemptions
  - name: "recurly_redemptions"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/lookup-a-coupon-redemption-on-an-account
    description: "data on coupon redemptions at the account level."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "uuid"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: uuid
      - name: single_use
      - name: total_discounted_in_cents
      - name: currency
      - name: state
      - name: coupon_code
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at

## Subscriptions
  - name: "recurly_subscriptions"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/list-subscriptions
    description: "a record of all your subscriptions."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "uuid"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: uuid
      - name: plan_code
      - name: state
      - name: currency
      - name: quantity
      - name: activated_at
      - name: canceled_at
      - name: expires_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: total_billing_cycles
      - name: remaining_billing_cycles
      - name: current_period_started_at
      - name: current_period_ends_at
      - name: trial_started_at
      - name: trial_ends_at
      - name: terms_and_conditions
      - name: customer_notes
      - name: tax_in_cents
      - name: tax_type
      - name: tax_region
      - name: tax_rate
      - name: po_number
      - name: net_terms
      - name: collection_method
      - name: subscription_add_ons<code>*</code>
      - name: revenue_schedule_type
      - name: unit_amount_in_cents

## Transactions
  - name: "recurly_transactions"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/list-transactions
    description: "account transaction info."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "uuid"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: uuid
      - name: action
      - name: amount_in_cents
      - name: tax_in_cents
      - name: currency
      - name: status
      - name: payment_method
      - name: reference
      - name: source
      - name: recurring
      - name: test
      - name: voidable
      - name: refundable
      - name: ip_address
      - name: cvv_result
      - name: avs_result
      - name: avs_result_street
      - name: avs_result_postal
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: details__account__account_code
      - name: details__account__first_name
      - name: details__account__last_name
      - name: details__account__company
      - name: details__account__email
      - name: details__account__billing_info__first_name
      - name: details__account__billing_info__last_name
      - name: details__account__billing_info__address1
      - name: details__account__billing_info__address2
      - name: details__account__billing_info__city
      - name: details__account__billing_info__state
      - name: details__account__billing_info__zip
      - name: details__account__billing_info__country
      - name: details__account__billing_info__phone
      - name: details__account__billing_info__vat_number
      - name: details__account__billing_info__card_type
      - name: details__account__billing_info__year
      - name: details__account__billing_info__month
      - name: details__account__billing_info__first_six
      - name: details__account__billing_info__last_four
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}



{% contentfor setup %}
Connecting your Recurly data to Stitch is a four-step process:

1. [Generate a Recurly API Key](#generate-recurly-api-key)
2. [Add Recurly as a Stitch data source](#add-stitch-data-source)
3. [Define the Historical Sync](#define-historical-sync)
4. [Define the Replication Frequency](#define-rep-frequency)

### Generating a Recurly API Key {#generate-recurly-api-key}

**Note that to generate an API key, you'll need Admin permissions in your Recurly account.**

1. Sign into your Recurly account.
2. From the Recurly dashboard, click the **Developers** option in the sidebar.
3. Click **API credentials**.
4. Click the **Add Private API Key** button.
5. Enter a name for the key. We recommend something that will tell you, at a glance, who or what is using the key - for example, ‘Stitch.’
6. The last section - **Will this key be used with a third-party application?** - is optional. 

   If you want to enter something here, you can select **Other** from the dropdown menu and then type Stitch into the **Application Name** field.
7. When finished, click the **Save Changes** button to generate the key.

Leave this page open for now - you'll need it to complete the setup in Stitch.

{% include integrations/shared-setup/connection-setup.html %}
4. Enter the subdomain for your Recurly site. For example, if our subdomain were `stitch.recurly.com`, we would just enter `stitch` into this field.
5. Paste the **Recurly API key** you generated into the **API Key** field.

{% include integrations/saas/setup/historical-sync.html %}

{% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

{% include integrations/shared-setup/initial-syncs.html %}
{% endcontentfor %}

Commit message:

Add feature summaries to SaaS integrations

_saas-integrations/recurly/v14-09-2016/recurly-v14-09-2016.md, after:

---
title: Recurly
permalink: /integrations/saas/recurly
keywords: recurly, integration, schema, etl recurly, recurly etl, recurly schema
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's Recurly integration."
format: ## controls formatting options in template
  schema-list: true
  table-desc: true
  list: expand

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "recurly"
display_name: "Recurly"

singer: false
status-url: "https://status.recurly.com/"

this-version: "14-09-2016"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} REST API (V2.3)](https://dev.recurly.com/v2.3){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: true

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Paid"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: false

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

tables:
## Accounts
  - name: "recurly_accounts"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/account-object
    description: "comprehensive customer account information."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "account_code"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: account_code
      - name: adjustments
      - name: account_balance
      - name: billing_info
      - name: invoices
      - name: redemption
      - name: subscriptions
      - name: transactions
      - name: state
      - name: username
      - name: email
      - name: cc_emails
      - name: first_name
      - name: last_name
      - name: company_name
      - name: vat_number
      - name: tax_exempt
      - name: address__address1
      - name: address__address2
      - name: address__city
      - name: address__state
      - name: address__zip
      - name: address__country
      - name: address__phone
      - name: shipping__address
      - name: shipping__first_name
      - name: shipping__last_name
      - name: shipping__company_name
      - name: shipping__email
      - name: shipping__phone
      - name: shipping__vat_number
      - name: shipping__address1
      - name: shipping__address2
      - name: shipping__city
      - name: shipping__state
      - name: shipping__zip
      - name: shipping__country
      - name: shipping__nickname
      - name: accept_language
      - name: hosted_login_token
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: closed_at

## Add Ons
  - name: "recurly_add_ons"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/list-add-ons-for-a-plan
    description: "info about plan add-ons, which are additional products in your plan that recur."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "add_on_code"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: add_on_code
      - name: plan_code
      - name: name
      - name: uuid
      - name: state
      - name: unit_amount_in_cents<code>*</code>
      - name: currency
      - name: quantity
      - name: activated_at
      - name: canceled_at
      - name: expires_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: total_billing_cycles
      - name: remaining_billing_cycles
      - name: current_period_started_at
      - name: current_period_ends_at
      - name: trial_started_at
      - name: trial_ends_at
      - name: terms_and_conditions
      - name: customer_notes
      - name: tax_in_cents
      - name: tax_type
      - name: tax_region
      - name: tax_rate
      - name: po_number
      - name: net_terms
      - name: collection_method
      - name: subscription_add_ons<code>*</code>

## Not currently replicating from this endpoint
## Leaving in case it's supported in the future.

## Adjustments
##  - name: "recurly_adjustments"
##    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/adjustment-object
##    description: "a history of your customer’s Recurly account, which is made up of credits and charges."
##    notes: 
##    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
##    primary-key: "id"
##    nested-structures: true
##    attributes:
##      - name: Adjustment ID (<code>id</code>)
##      - name: uuid
##      - name: state
##      - name: description
##      - name: accounting_code
##      - name: product_code
##      - name: origin
##      - name: unit_amount_in_cents<code>*</code>
##      - name: quantity
##      - name: quantity_remaining
##      - name: original_adjustment_uuid
##      - name: discount_in_cents
##      - name: tax_in_cents
##      - name: total_in_cents
##      - name: currency
##      - name: taxable
##      - name: tax_type
##      - name: tax_region
##      - name: tax_rate
##      - name: tax_exempt
##      - name: tax_code
##      - name: tax_details<code>*</code>

## Billing Info
  - name: "recurly_billing_info"
    doc-link: 
    description: "info about your customers' billing details. <strong>Note that while there isn't sensitive info (e.g. credit card numbers) in this table, you should still work to keep this data private as there are columns containing bank information.</strong>"
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "account_href"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: account_href
      - name: first_name
      - name: last_name
      - name: company
      - name: address1
      - name: address2
      - name: city
      - name: state
      - name: zip
      - name: country
      - name: phone
      - name: vat_number
      - name: ip_address
      - name: ip_address_country
      - name: card_type
      - name: year
      - name: month
      - name: first_six
      - name: last_four

## Coupons
  - name: "recurly_coupons"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/list-active-coupons
    description: "info on active coupons."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "coupon_code"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: coupon_code
      - name: name
      - name: state
      - name: description
      - name: discount_type
      - name: discount_percent
      - name: invoice_description
      - name: redeem_by_date
      - name: single_use
      - name: applies_for_months
      - name: max_redemptions
      - name: applies_to_all_plans
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: deleted_at
      - name: duration
      - name: temporal_unit
      - name: temporal_amount
      - name: applies_to_non_plan_charges
      - name: redemption_resource
      - name: max_redemption_per_account
      - name: coupon_type
      - name: plan_codes<code>*</code>

## Invoices
  - name: "recurly_invoices"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/list-invoices
    description: "info about the invoices in your Recurly account."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "invoice_number"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: invoice_number
      - name: address__address1
      - name: address__address2
      - name: address__city
      - name: address__state
      - name: address__zip
      - name: address__country
      - name: address__phone
      - name: shipping_address__address1
      - name: shipping_address__address2
      - name: shipping_address__city
      - name: shipping_address__state
      - name: shipping_address__zip
      - name: shipping_address__country
      - name: shipping_address__phone
      - name: uuid
      - name: state
      - name: po_number
      - name: vat_number
      - name: subtotal_in_cents
      - name: tax_in_cents
      - name: total_in_cents
      - name: currency
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: closed_at
      - name: terms_and_conditions
      - name: customer_notes
      - name: tax_type
      - name: tax_region
      - name: tax_rate
      - name: net_terms
      - name: collection_method
      - name: line_items<code>*</code>

## Plans
  - name: "recurly_plans"
    doc-link: 
    description: "the data relating to each of your plans."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "plan_code"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: plan_code
      - name: name
      - name: description
      - name: success_url
      - name: cancel_url
      - name: display_donation_amounts
      - name: display_quantity
      - name: display_phone_number
      - name: display_hosted_confirmation
      - name: unit_name
      - name: payment_page_tos_link
      - name: plan_interval_length
      - name: plan_interval_unit
      - name: trial_interval_length
      - name: trial_interval_unit
      - name: total_billing_cycles
      - name: accounting_code
      - name: setup_fee_accounting_code
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: revenue_schedule_type
      - name: setup_fee_schedule_type
      - name: tax_exempt
      - name: tax_code
      - name: unit_amount_in_cents<code>*</code>
      - name: setup_fee_in_cents<code>*</code>

## Redemptions
  - name: "recurly_redemptions"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/lookup-a-coupon-redemption-on-an-account
    description: "data on coupon redemptions at the account level."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "uuid"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: uuid
      - name: single_use
      - name: total_discounted_in_cents
      - name: currency
      - name: state
      - name: coupon_code
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at

## Subscriptions
  - name: "recurly_subscriptions"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/list-subscriptions
    description: "a record of all your subscriptions."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "uuid"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: uuid
      - name: plan_code
      - name: state
      - name: currency
      - name: quantity
      - name: activated_at
      - name: canceled_at
      - name: expires_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: total_billing_cycles
      - name: remaining_billing_cycles
      - name: current_period_started_at
      - name: current_period_ends_at
      - name: trial_started_at
      - name: trial_ends_at
      - name: terms_and_conditions
      - name: customer_notes
      - name: tax_in_cents
      - name: tax_type
      - name: tax_region
      - name: tax_rate
      - name: po_number
      - name: net_terms
      - name: collection_method
      - name: subscription_add_ons<code>*</code>
      - name: revenue_schedule_type
      - name: unit_amount_in_cents

## Transactions
  - name: "recurly_transactions"
    doc-link: https://dev.recurly.com/docs/list-transactions
    description: "account transaction info."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "uuid"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: uuid
      - name: action
      - name: amount_in_cents
      - name: tax_in_cents
      - name: currency
      - name: status
      - name: payment_method
      - name: reference
      - name: source
      - name: recurring
      - name: test
      - name: voidable
      - name: refundable
      - name: ip_address
      - name: cvv_result
      - name: avs_result
      - name: avs_result_street
      - name: avs_result_postal
      - name: created_at
      - name: updated_at
      - name: details__account__account_code
      - name: details__account__first_name
      - name: details__account__last_name
      - name: details__account__company
      - name: details__account__email
      - name: details__account__billing_info__first_name
      - name: details__account__billing_info__last_name
      - name: details__account__billing_info__address1
      - name: details__account__billing_info__address2
      - name: details__account__billing_info__city
      - name: details__account__billing_info__state
      - name: details__account__billing_info__zip
      - name: details__account__billing_info__country
      - name: details__account__billing_info__phone
      - name: details__account__billing_info__vat_number
      - name: details__account__billing_info__card_type
      - name: details__account__billing_info__year
      - name: details__account__billing_info__month
      - name: details__account__billing_info__first_six
      - name: details__account__billing_info__last_four
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}



{% contentfor setup %}
Connecting your Recurly data to Stitch is a four-step process:

1. [Generate a Recurly API Key](#generate-recurly-api-key)
2. [Add Recurly as a Stitch data source](#add-stitch-data-source)
3. [Define the Historical Sync](#define-historical-sync)
4. [Define the Replication Frequency](#define-rep-frequency)

### Generating a Recurly API Key {#generate-recurly-api-key}

**Note that to generate an API key, you'll need Admin permissions in your Recurly account.**

1. Sign into your Recurly account.
2. From the Recurly dashboard, click the **Developers** option in the sidebar.
3. Click **API credentials**.
4. Click the **Add Private API Key** button.
5. Enter a name for the key. We recommend something that will tell you, at a glance, who or what is using the key - for example, ‘Stitch.’
6. The last section - **Will this key be used with a third-party application?** - is optional. 

   If you want to enter something here, you can select **Other** from the dropdown menu and then type Stitch into the **Application Name** field.
7. When finished, click the **Save Changes** button to generate the key.

Leave this page open for now - you'll need it to complete the setup in Stitch.

{% include integrations/shared-setup/connection-setup.html %}
4. Enter the subdomain for your Recurly site. For example, if our subdomain were `stitch.recurly.com`, we would just enter `stitch` into this field.
5. Paste the **Recurly API key** you generated into the **API Key** field.

{% include integrations/saas/setup/historical-sync.html %}

{% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

{% include integrations/shared-setup/initial-syncs.html %}
{% endcontentfor %}
