_integration-schemas/netsuite/v10-15-2015/phone_call.md, before:

---
tap: "netsuite"
version: "10-15-2015"

name: "netsuite_phone_call"
doc-link: https://system.netsuite.com/help/helpcenter/en_US/srbrowser/Browser2016_1/script/record/phonecall.html
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains info about phone calls.

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
abstract: false

permissions:
  - name: "Phone Calls"
    level: "View"
    location: "Lists"

attributes:
  - name: "internalId"
    type: "integer"
    primary-key: true
    description: |
      The {{ table.name | remove: "netsuite_" | replace: "_"," " }} ID.

  - name: "lastModifiedDate"
    type: "date-time"
    replication-key: true
    description: |
      The time the {{ table.name | remove: "netsuite_" | replace: "_"," " }} was last updated.

  - name: "Additional fields"
    description: |
      For a list of available attributes, refer to [{{ integration.display_name }}'s documentation]({{ table.doc-link }}){:target="new"}. **Note**: You will need to log into your {{ integration.display_name }} account to view the documentation.
---

Commit message:

Add table.key and update doc URLs
1. Add a new table.key property - this will hopefully be someday
renamed to `name`, and `name` will become `display-name` to be
consistent with other files. This is the unique ID for the table for a
given version and can be used to map to its like in previous
integration versions.
2. Update NetSuite doc links to `system.netsuite.com` versus specific
app-based help.

_integration-schemas/netsuite/v10-15-2015/phone_call.md, after:

---
tap: "netsuite"
version: "10-15-2015"

name: "netsuite_phone_call"
doc-link: https://system.netsuite.com/help/helpcenter/en_US/srbrowser/Browser2015_1/schema/record/phonecall.html
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains info about phone calls.

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
abstract: false

## Refer to _data/extraction/netsuite/netsuite-permissions.yml for permissions for this table/object.
key: "phone-call"

attributes:
  - name: "internalId"
    type: "integer"
    primary-key: true
    description: |
      The {{ table.name | remove: "netsuite_" | replace: "_"," " }} ID.

  - name: "lastModifiedDate"
    type: "date-time"
    replication-key: true
    description: |
      The time the {{ table.name | remove: "netsuite_" | replace: "_"," " }} was last updated.

  - name: "Additional fields"
    description: |
      For a list of available attributes, refer to [{{ integration.display_name }}'s documentation]({{ table.doc-link }}){:target="new"}. **Note**: You will need to log into your {{ integration.display_name }} account to view the documentation.
---
