_integration-schemas/bing-ads/age_gender_performance_report.md, before:

---
tap: "bing-ads"
# version: "1.0"

name: "age_gender_performance_report"
doc-link: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/reporting-service/agegenderdemographicreportcolumn#values
singer-schema: ## link to the JSON schema file in the integration's Singer repo
description: |
  The `age_gender_performance_report` table contains info about the age and gender demographics of people interacting with your campaigns and ad groups.

  [This is a **Report** table](#replication). See the **Replication** section for information on how data is replicated and loaded for this table.

replication-method: "Append-Only (Incremental)"
api-method:
  name:
  doc-link: 

attributes:
  - name: "accountId"
    type: "integer"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The Bing Ads-assigned ID of the account."

  - name: "{{ system-column.report-date-time }}"
    type: "date-time"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The start time of the Stitch replication job that replicated this record."

  - name: "gregorianDate"
    type: "date"
    primary-key: true
    replication-key: true
    description: "The day the record pertains to."

  - name: "Custom Fields"
    description: |
      Columns selected by you. For descriptions of available columns, refer to [Microsoft's documentation]({{ table.doc-link }}).
---

Commit message:

Add foreign keys to tables

_integration-schemas/bing-ads/age_gender_performance_report.md, after:

---
tap: "bing-ads"
# version: "1.0"

name: "age_gender_performance_report"
doc-link: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/reporting-service/agegenderdemographicreportcolumn#values
singer-schema: ## link to the JSON schema file in the integration's Singer repo
description: |
  The `age_gender_performance_report` table contains info about the age and gender demographics of people interacting with your campaigns and ad groups.

  [This is a **Report** table](#replication). See the **Replication** section for information on how data is replicated and loaded for this table.

replication-method: "Append-Only (Incremental)"
api-method:
  name:
  doc-link: 

attributes:
  - name: "accountId"
    type: "integer"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The Bing Ads-assigned ID of the account."
    foreign-key: true

  - name: "{{ system-column.report-date-time }}"
    type: "date-time"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The start time of the Stitch replication job that replicated this record."

  - name: "gregorianDate"
    type: "date"
    primary-key: true
    replication-key: true
    description: "The day the record pertains to."

  - name: "adGroupId"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the ad group."
    foreign-key: true

  - name: "campaignId"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the campaign."
    foreign-key: true

  - name: "Custom Fields"
    description: |
      Columns selected by you. For descriptions of available columns, refer to [Microsoft's documentation]({{ table.doc-link }}).
---
