_saas-integrations/intercom/v02-02-2016/intercom-v02-02-2016.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#     USING THIS TEMPLATE    #
# -------------------------- #

## NEED HELP USING THIS TEMPLATE? SEE:
## https://docs-about-stitch-docs.netlify.com/reference/integration-templates/saas/
## FOR INSTRUCTIONS & REFERENCE INFO


# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Intercom (v02-02-2016)
permalink: /integrations/saas/intercom/v02-02-2016
keywords: intercom, integration, schema, etl intercom, intercom etl, intercom schema
summary: "Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Intercom integration."
layout: singer
input: false

key: "intercom-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "intercom"
display_name: "Intercom"
singer: false
status-url: "https://status.intercom.io/"

this-version: "02-02-2016"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} REST API (V1.0)](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/v1.0/reference){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: false

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true

## Row usage details

row-usage-hog: true
row-usage-hog-reasons:
  data-structure: true
  data-volume: true
  lots-of-full-table: false


# -------------------------- #
#      Querying Details      #
# -------------------------- #

## Intercom's default attribution window. Stitch queries for
## this number of days during each replication job to
## account for any updates to existing records made during 
## this time.

replication-notes: true
attribution-window: "30 days"

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**Your Intercom App ID.** You can find your Intercom App ID by following [these instructions](https://docs.intercom.com/faqs-and-troubleshooting/getting-set-up/where-can-i-find-my-app-id)."

setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **Intercom App ID** field, enter your [Intercom App ID](https://docs.intercom.com/faqs-and-troubleshooting/getting-set-up/where-can-i-find-my-app-id).
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch to Access Intercom"
    anchor: "authorize-stitch"
    content: |
      Lastly, you'll be directed to Intercom's website to complete the setup.

      {% include layout/inline_image.html type="right" file="integrations/intercom-access-request.png" alt="List of permissions requested by Stitch to access Intercom" max-width="400px" %}1. If you aren't already logged into Intercom, you'll be prompted to do so.
      2. Next, a screen requesting access to Intercom will display. **Note**: Stitch will only ever read your data.
      3. Click **Connect.**
      4. After the authorization process successfully completes, you'll be redirected back to Stitch.
      5. Click {{ app.buttons.finish-int-setup }}.


# -------------------------- #
#         Replication        #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - title: "attribution window"

# -------------------------- #
#        Table Schemas       #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/intercom
---

{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_saas-integrations/intercom/v02-02-2016/intercom-v02-02-2016.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#     USING THIS TEMPLATE    #
# -------------------------- #

## NEED HELP USING THIS TEMPLATE? SEE:
## https://docs-about-stitch-docs.netlify.com/reference/integration-templates/saas/
## FOR INSTRUCTIONS & REFERENCE INFO


# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Intercom (v02-02-2016)
permalink: /integrations/saas/intercom/v02-02-2016
keywords: intercom, integration, schema, etl intercom, intercom etl, intercom schema
summary: "Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Intercom integration."
layout: singer
input: false

key: "intercom-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "intercom"
display_name: "Intercom"
singer: false
status-url: "https://status.intercom.io/"

this-version: "02-02-2016"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} REST API (V1.0)](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/v1.0/reference){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"

table-selection: false
column-selection: false
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: false

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true

## Row usage details

row-usage-hog: true
row-usage-hog-reasons:
  data-structure: true
  data-volume: true
  lots-of-full-table: false


# -------------------------- #
#      Querying Details      #
# -------------------------- #

## Intercom's default attribution window. Stitch queries for
## this number of days during each replication job to
## account for any updates to existing records made during 
## this time.

replication-notes: true
attribution-window: "30 days"

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**Your Intercom App ID.** You can find your Intercom App ID by following [these instructions](https://docs.intercom.com/faqs-and-troubleshooting/getting-set-up/where-can-i-find-my-app-id)."

setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **Intercom App ID** field, enter your [Intercom App ID](https://docs.intercom.com/faqs-and-troubleshooting/getting-set-up/where-can-i-find-my-app-id).
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch to Access Intercom"
    anchor: "authorize-stitch"
    content: |
      Lastly, you'll be directed to Intercom's website to complete the setup.

      {% include layout/inline_image.html type="right" file="integrations/intercom-access-request.png" alt="List of permissions requested by Stitch to access Intercom" max-width="400px" %}1. If you aren't already logged into Intercom, you'll be prompted to do so.
      2. Next, a screen requesting access to Intercom will display. **Note**: Stitch will only ever read your data.
      3. Click **Connect.**
      4. After the authorization process successfully completes, you'll be redirected back to Stitch.
      5. Click {{ app.buttons.finish-int-setup }}.


# -------------------------- #
#         Replication        #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - title: "attribution window"

# -------------------------- #
#        Table Schemas       #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/intercom
---

{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
