_saas-integrations/autopilot/autopilot-latest.md, before:

---
title: Autopilot
permalink: /integrations/saas/autopilot
keywords: autopilot, autopilot schema, autopilot data, etl autopilot, autopilot etl
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's Autopilot integration."
layout: singer

key: "autopilot-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "autopilot"
display_name: "Autopilot"

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-autopilot

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} REST API](https://autopilot.docs.apiary.io/#){:target="new"}

this-version: "1"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "60 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
status-url: "http://status.autopilothq.com/"

api-type: "platform.autopilot"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your Autopilot API Key"
    anchor: "retrieve-autopilot-api-key"
    content: |
      1. Sign into your Autopilot account.
      2. Click the **gear (Settings)** icon on the left side of the page.
      3. In the Settings menu, click **Autopilot API**.
      4. If you haven’t used the API before, you’ll need to generate a new key. Click the **Generate** button.
      5. Your API Key will display.

      Make sure you keep this key safe, as it has access to your Autopilot account. If at any time your key is lost or compromised, you can click the **Regenerate** button to generate a new key. **Remember to also update the key in Stitch or you'll encounter connection issues.**
  - title: "add integration"
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#        Table Schemas       #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/autopilot
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_saas-integrations/autopilot/autopilot-latest.md, after:

---
title: Autopilot
permalink: /integrations/saas/autopilot
keywords: autopilot, autopilot schema, autopilot data, etl autopilot, autopilot etl
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's Autopilot integration."
layout: singer

key: "autopilot-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "autopilot"
display_name: "Autopilot"

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-autopilot

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} REST API](https://autopilot.docs.apiary.io/#){:target="new"}

this-version: "1"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "60 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
status-url: "http://status.autopilothq.com/"

api-type: "platform.autopilot"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your Autopilot API Key"
    anchor: "retrieve-autopilot-api-key"
    content: |
      1. Sign into your Autopilot account.
      2. Click the **gear (Settings)** icon on the left side of the page.
      3. In the Settings menu, click **Autopilot API**.
      4. If you haven’t used the API before, you’ll need to generate a new key. Click the **Generate** button.
      5. Your API Key will display.

      Make sure you keep this key safe, as it has access to your Autopilot account. If at any time your key is lost or compromised, you can click the **Regenerate** button to generate a new key. **Remember to also update the key in Stitch or you'll encounter connection issues.**
  - title: "add integration"
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#        Table Schemas       #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/autopilot
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
