_destinations/bigquery.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#        Page Controls       #
# -------------------------- #
title: Google BigQuery Destination
permalink: /destinations/bigquery/
layout: destination
tags: [bigquery_destination]
keywords: bigquery, google bigquery, bigquery data warehouse, bigquery etl, etl to bigquery
summary: "Google BigQuery is a fully managed, cloud-based big data analytics web service for processing very large read-only data sets. BigQuery was designed for analyzing data on the order of billions of rows, using a SQL-like syntax."

content-type: "destination-overview"

toc: true
destination: true


# -------------------------- #
#    Destination Details     #
# -------------------------- #
display_name: "BigQuery"
type: "bigquery"
db-type: "Analytic"
pricing_tier: "standard" ## for Stitch
status: "Released"
description: "Google BigQuery is a fully managed, cloud-based big data analytics web service for processing very large read-only data sets. BigQuery was designed for analyzing data on the order of billions of rows, using a SQL-like syntax."
pricing_model: "Usage" ## provider model
free_option: "No"
fully-managed: true
pricing_notes: "BigQuery's pricing isn't based on a fixed rate, meaning your bill can vary over time."
icon: /images/destinations/icons/google-bigquery.svg


# -------------------------- #
#           Support          #
# -------------------------- #

## See _data/destinations/reference/bigquery.yml for
## info about connection support, Stitch support,
## data limitations, reserved words, etc.


# -------------------------- #
#    Incompatible Sources    #
# -------------------------- #
incompatible-with: 0


# -------------------------- #
#            Links           #
# -------------------------- #
status-url: https://status.cloud.google.com/
sign-up: https://goo.gl/KSnUR2
documentation: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/
pricing: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/pricing
storage-pricing: https://cloud.google.com/storage/pricing
price-calculator: https://cloud.google.com/products/calculator/
what-is-bq: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/what-is-bigquery
setup-project: https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6251787
cost-control: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/cost-controls
enable-billing: https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6288653?hl=en


# -------------------------- #
#      Overview Content      #
# -------------------------- #

introduction: |
  {{ destination.description }}

  For more information, check out [Google's {{ destination.display_name }} overview]({{ destination.what-is-bq }}).

sections:
  - title: "Pricing"
    anchor: "pricing"
    content: |
      Unlike many other cloud-based data warehouse solutions, {{ destination.display_name }}'s pricing model is based on **usage** and not a fixed-rate. This means that your bill can vary over time. 

      Before fully committing yourself to using {{ destination.display_name }} as your data warehouse, we recommend familiarizing yourself with the {{ destination.display_name }} pricing model and how using Stitch may impact your costs.

      **[Learn more about Stitch & {{ destination.display_name }} pricing]({{ link.destinations.overviews.bigquery-pricing | prepend: site.baseurl }})**

  - title: "Setup info"
    anchor: "stitch-details-setup-info"
    content: |
      {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="stitch-details" %}

  - title: "Replication"
    anchor: "replication"
    content: |
      {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="replication" %}

  - title: "Limitations"
    anchor: "limitations"
    content: |
      In this section:

      {% assign list-items = "object-name-limits|table-limits|data-limits|column-naming" | split: "|" %}

      {% for item in list-items %}
      {% for category in reference-categories[item] %}
      - [**{{ category.name }}**](#{{ item }}) - {{ category.description | flatify }}
      {% endfor %}
      {% endfor %}

    subsections:
      - title: "Object name limits"
        anchor: "object-name-limits"
        content: |
          {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="object-name-limits" %}

      - title: "Table limits"
        anchor: "table-limits"
        content: |
          {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="table-limits" %}

      - title: "Data limits"
        anchor: "data-limits"
        content: |
          {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="data-limits" %}

      - title: "Column naming"
        anchor: "column-naming"
        content: |
          {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="column-naming" %}

  - title: "Compare destinations"
    anchor: "compare-destinations"
    content: |
      **Not sure if {{ destination.display_name }} is the data warehouse for you?** Check out the [Choosing a Stitch Destination]({{ link.destinations.overviews.choose-destination | prepend: site.baseurl }}) guide to compare each of Stitch's destination offerings.

---
{% assign destination = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Cleans up remaining destination issues
1. Removes all old variables from destination overview files
2. Replaces variable names in includes, other files, etc. so data is
still pulled and displayed correctly
3. Moves destination links into a data file, so they can be easily
accessed from anywhere: _data/destinations/links.yml
4. Moves all content over to general or tutorial layouts
5. Deletes the unneeded `destination` layout

_destinations/bigquery.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#        Page Controls       #
# -------------------------- #
title: Google BigQuery Destination
permalink: /destinations/bigquery/
layout: destination
tags: [bigquery_destination]
keywords: bigquery, google bigquery, bigquery data warehouse, bigquery etl, etl to bigquery
summary: "Google BigQuery is a fully managed, cloud-based big data analytics web service for processing very large read-only data sets. BigQuery was designed for analyzing data on the order of billions of rows, using a SQL-like syntax."

content-type: "destination-overview"

toc: true
layout: general
destination: true


# -------------------------- #
#    Destination Details     #
# -------------------------- #

display_name: "BigQuery"
type: "bigquery"
description: "Google BigQuery is a fully managed, cloud-based big data analytics web service for processing very large read-only data sets. BigQuery was designed for analyzing data on the order of billions of rows, using a SQL-like syntax."


# -------------------------- #
#           Support          #
# -------------------------- #

## See _data/destinations/reference/bigquery.yml for
## info about connection support, Stitch support,
## data limitations, reserved words, etc.

## Resource links can be found in _data/destinations/links.yml

# -------------------------- #
#      Overview Content      #
# -------------------------- #

introduction: |
  {{ destination.description }}

  For more information, check out [Google's {{ destination.display_name }} overview]({{ destination.what-is-bq }}).

sections:
  - title: "Pricing"
    anchor: "pricing"
    content: |
      Unlike many other cloud-based data warehouse solutions, {{ destination.display_name }}'s pricing model is based on **usage** and not a fixed-rate. This means that your bill can vary over time. 

      Before fully committing yourself to using {{ destination.display_name }} as your data warehouse, we recommend familiarizing yourself with the {{ destination.display_name }} pricing model and how using Stitch may impact your costs.

      **[Learn more about Stitch & {{ destination.display_name }} pricing]({{ link.destinations.overviews.bigquery-pricing | prepend: site.baseurl }})**

  - title: "Setup info"
    anchor: "stitch-details-setup-info"
    content: |
      {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="stitch-details" %}

  - title: "Replication"
    anchor: "replication"
    content: |
      {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="replication" %}

  - title: "Limitations"
    anchor: "limitations"
    content: |
      In this section:

      {% assign list-items = "object-name-limits|table-limits|data-limits|column-naming" | split: "|" %}

      {% for item in list-items %}
      {% for category in reference-categories[item] %}
      - [**{{ category.name }}**](#{{ item }}) - {{ category.description | flatify }}
      {% endfor %}
      {% endfor %}

    subsections:
      - title: "Object name limits"
        anchor: "object-name-limits"
        content: |
          {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="object-name-limits" %}

      - title: "Table limits"
        anchor: "table-limits"
        content: |
          {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="table-limits" %}

      - title: "Data limits"
        anchor: "data-limits"
        content: |
          {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="data-limits" %}

      - title: "Column naming"
        anchor: "column-naming"
        content: |
          {% include destinations/overviews/destination-reference-table.html list="column-naming" %}

  - title: "Compare destinations"
    anchor: "compare-destinations"
    content: |
      **Not sure if {{ destination.display_name }} is the data warehouse for you?** Check out the [Choosing a Stitch Destination]({{ link.destinations.overviews.choose-destination | prepend: site.baseurl }}) guide to compare each of Stitch's destination offerings.

---
{% assign destination = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
