_saas-integrations/darksky/v1/darksky-v1.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#     USING THIS TEMPLATE    #
# -------------------------- #

## NEED HELP USING THIS TEMPLATE? SEE:
## https://docs-about-stitch-docs.netlify.com/reference/integration-templates/saas/
## FOR INSTRUCTIONS & REFERENCE INFO


# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Darksky
permalink: /integrations/saas/darksky
keywords: darksky, integration, schema, etl darksky, darksky etl, darksky schema
layout: singer
# input: false

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "darksky"
display_name: "Darksky"

singer: true 
tap-name: "Darksky"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-darksky

this-version: "1"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Standard"
status-url: https://status.darksky.net/

api-type: "platform.darksky"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-info: |
  To find the list of available languages and units, please visit the [{{ integration.display_name }} Forecast Request docs](https://darksky.net/dev/docs#forecast-request){:target="new"}.

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} secret key"
    anchor: "secret-key"
    content: |
      1. Log into your {{ integration.display_name }} API account [here](https://darksky.net/dev/){:target="new"}.
      2. On your account home page, your Secret Key is available at the top of the page. You will use this Secret Key to add your integration.

  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **Language** field, enter the language code. Ex: 'en' for English, 'es' for Spanish, and 'fr' for French. For a full list of available language codes, check the `Request Parameters` section of the [{{ integration.display_name }} API documentation](https://darksky.net/dev/docs#forecast-request).
      5. In the **Location List** field, enter the latitude and longitude of the the locations to be returned for weather forecast information. The locations must be semi-colon deliniated. Ex: `<latitude>,<longitude>` is an accepted value for a single location, and `<latitude>,<longitude>;<latitude>,<longitude>; ... etc` is accepted for multiple locations.
      6. In the **Secret Key** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} secret key that you retrieved in [Step 1](#secret-key). 
      7. In the **Units** field, enter the measurement system to be returned for weather forecast information. Ex: 'us' for Imperial Units, and 'si' for International System of Units. For a full list of available measurement systems, check the `Request Parameters` section of the [Dark Sky API documentation](https://darksky.net/dev/docs#forecast-request)
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/darksky


# Remove this if you don't need it:
# schema-sections:
#  - title: ""
#    anchor: ""
#    content: |
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_saas-integrations/darksky/v1/darksky-v1.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#     USING THIS TEMPLATE    #
# -------------------------- #

## NEED HELP USING THIS TEMPLATE? SEE:
## https://docs-about-stitch-docs.netlify.com/reference/integration-templates/saas/
## FOR INSTRUCTIONS & REFERENCE INFO


# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Darksky
permalink: /integrations/saas/darksky
keywords: darksky, integration, schema, etl darksky, darksky etl, darksky schema
layout: singer
# input: false

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "darksky"
display_name: "Darksky"

singer: true 
tap-name: "Darksky"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-darksky

this-version: "1"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Standard"
status-url: https://status.darksky.net/

api-type: "platform.darksky"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-info: |
  To find the list of available languages and units, please visit the [{{ integration.display_name }} Forecast Request docs](https://darksky.net/dev/docs#forecast-request){:target="new"}.

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} secret key"
    anchor: "secret-key"
    content: |
      1. Log into your {{ integration.display_name }} API account [here](https://darksky.net/dev/){:target="new"}.
      2. On your account home page, your Secret Key is available at the top of the page. You will use this Secret Key to add your integration.

  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **Language** field, enter the language code. Ex: 'en' for English, 'es' for Spanish, and 'fr' for French. For a full list of available language codes, check the `Request Parameters` section of the [{{ integration.display_name }} API documentation](https://darksky.net/dev/docs#forecast-request).
      5. In the **Location List** field, enter the latitude and longitude of the the locations to be returned for weather forecast information. The locations must be semi-colon deliniated. Ex: `<latitude>,<longitude>` is an accepted value for a single location, and `<latitude>,<longitude>;<latitude>,<longitude>; ... etc` is accepted for multiple locations.
      6. In the **Secret Key** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} secret key that you retrieved in [Step 1](#secret-key). 
      7. In the **Units** field, enter the measurement system to be returned for weather forecast information. Ex: 'us' for Imperial Units, and 'si' for International System of Units. For a full list of available measurement systems, check the `Request Parameters` section of the [Dark Sky API documentation](https://darksky.net/dev/docs#forecast-request)
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/darksky


# Remove this if you don't need it:
# schema-sections:
#  - title: ""
#    anchor: ""
#    content: |
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
