_integration-schemas/xero/credit_notes.md, before:

---
tap: "xero"
version: "1.0"

name: "credit_notes"
doc-link: &api-doc https://developer.xero.com/documentation/api/credit-notes
singer-schema: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-xero/blob/master/tap_xero/schemas/credit_notes.json
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains info about credit notes. A credit note is similar to an invoice, except it reduces the amount you owe a supplier or the amount a customer owes you.

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"

api-method:
  name: getCreditNotes
  doc-link: *api-doc

attributes:
  - name: "CreditNoteID"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The credit note ID."
    foreign-key-id: "credit-note-id"

  - name: "UpdatedDateUTC"
    type: "date-time"
    replication-key: true
    description: "The date the credit note was last updated, in UTC."

  - name: "Type"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The credit note type. Possible values are:

      - `ACCPAYCREDIT` - An Accounts Payable (supplier) credit note
      - `ACCRECCREDIT` - An Accounts Receivable (customer) credit note

  - name: "Contact"
    type: ""
    description: |
      Details about the contact associated with the credit note.

      {{ integration.subtable-note | flatify | replace:"table_name","contacts" }}
    foreign-key-id: "contact-id"

  - name: "Date"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The date the credit note was issued."

  - name: "DueDate"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The due date associated with the credit note."

  - name: "DueDateString"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The due date associated with the credit note."

  - name: "Status"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The status of the credit note. Possible values are:

      - `DRAFT`
      - `SUBMITTED` - Awaiting approval
      - `DELETED`
      - `AUTHORISED` - Approved and awaiting payment OR partially paid
      - `PAID` - Completely paid
      - `VOIDED`

  - name: "LineAmountTypes"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The type of amounts that the line items in the credit note contain. Possible values are:

      - `Exclusive` - Line items are exclusive of tax
      - `Inclusive` - Line items are inclusive tax
      - `NoTax` - Line items have no tax

  - name: "LineItems"
    type: "array"
    description: "Details about the line items contained in the credit note."
    subattributes:
      - name: "LineItemID"
        type: "string"
        description: "The ID of the line item."

      - name: "Description"
        type: "string"
        description: "The description of the line item."

      - name: "Quantity"
        type: "number"
        description: "The quantity of the line item."

      - name: "UnitAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The amount of the line item."

      - name: "AccountCode"
        type: "string"
        description: "The account code associated with the line item."

      - name: "ItemCode"
        type: "string"
        description: "The code associated with the line item."

      - name: "TaxType"
        type: "string"
        description: "The tax type associated with the line item."

      - name: "LineAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The total of the line item, calculated as `UnitAmount x Quantity`."

      - name: "TaxAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The total tax of the line item."

      - name: "DiscountRate"
        type: "number"
        description: "The discount rate of the line item, if applicable."

      - name: "Tracking"
        type: ""
        description: |
          Details about the tracking categories applied to the line item, if applicable.

          {{ integration.subsubtable-note | flatify | replace:"table_name","tracking_categories" }}
        foreign-key-id: "tracking-category-id"

  - name: "SubTotal"
    type: "number"
    description: "The subtotal of the credit note, excluding taxes."

  - name: "AppliedAmount"
    type: "number"
    description: ""

  - name: "TotalTax"
    type: "number"
    description: "The total tax on the credit note."

  - name: "Total"
    type: "number"
    description: "The total of the credit note, calculated as `SubTotal + TotalTax`."

  - name: "CurrencyCode"
    type: "string"
    description: "The currency code used for the credit note."
    foreign-key-id: "currency-code"

  - name: "FullyPaidOnDate"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The date that the credit note was fully paid, in UTC."

  - name: "CreditNoteNumber"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      An identifier for the credit note. The value this field contains varies depending on the credit note `Type`:

      - `ACCPAYCREDIT` - A non-unique alpha-numeric code identifying the credit note. In the {{ integration.display_name }} UI, this displays as **Reference**.
      - `ACCRECCREDIT` - A unique alpha-numeric code identifying the credit note.

  - name: "Reference"
    type: "string"
    description: "**Applicable only to `Type: ACCRECCREDIT` credit notes**. An additional reference number."

  - name: "SentToContact"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "If `true`, the credit note has been sent to a contact via the {{ integration.display_name }} app."

  - name: "CurrencyRate"
    type: "number"
    description: "The currency rate for a multicurrency invoice. If no rate is specified, the [XE.com day rate](http://help.xero.com/#CurrencySettings$Rates) is used."

  - name: "RemainingCredit"
    type: "number"
    description: "The remaining credit balance on the credit note."

  - name: "Allocations"
    type: "array"
    description: ""

  - name: "BrandingThemeID"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the branding theme applied to the credit note."
    foreign-key-id: "branding-theme-id"

  - name: "HasAttachments"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "If `true`, the credit note has an attachment."

  - name: "DateString"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The date the credit note was issued."
---

Commit message:

Clean up a handful of other integrations' schemas
This is mostly to ensure that sub attribute headings function
correctly, but also to add detail/fields where possible since we can
now display them.

_integration-schemas/xero/credit_notes.md, after:

---
tap: "xero"
version: "1.0"

name: "credit_notes"
doc-link: &api-doc https://developer.xero.com/documentation/api/credit-notes
singer-schema: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-xero/blob/master/tap_xero/schemas/credit_notes.json
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains info about credit notes. A credit note is similar to an invoice, except it reduces the amount you owe a supplier or the amount a customer owes you.

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"

api-method:
  name: getCreditNotes
  doc-link: *api-doc

attributes:
  - name: "CreditNoteID"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The credit note ID."
    foreign-key-id: "credit-note-id"

  - name: "UpdatedDateUTC"
    type: "date-time"
    replication-key: true
    description: "The date the credit note was last updated, in UTC."

  - name: "Type"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The credit note type. Possible values are:

      - `ACCPAYCREDIT` - An Accounts Payable (supplier) credit note
      - `ACCRECCREDIT` - An Accounts Receivable (customer) credit note

  - name: "Contact"
    type: "object"
    description: |
      Details about the contact associated with the credit note.
    subattributes:
      - description: |
          This will contain the same attributes as the `contacts` table. Refer to the [`contacts`](#contacts) table schema for details.

  - name: "Date"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The date the credit note was issued."

  - name: "DueDate"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The due date associated with the credit note."

  - name: "DueDateString"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The due date associated with the credit note."

  - name: "Status"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The status of the credit note. Possible values are:

      - `DRAFT`
      - `SUBMITTED` - Awaiting approval
      - `DELETED`
      - `AUTHORISED` - Approved and awaiting payment OR partially paid
      - `PAID` - Completely paid
      - `VOIDED`

  - name: "LineAmountTypes"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The type of amounts that the line items in the credit note contain. Possible values are:

      - `Exclusive` - Line items are exclusive of tax
      - `Inclusive` - Line items are inclusive tax
      - `NoTax` - Line items have no tax

  - name: "LineItems"
    type: "array"
    description: "Details about the line items contained in the credit note."
    subattributes:
      - name: "LineItemID"
        type: "string"
        description: "The ID of the line item."

      - name: "Description"
        type: "string"
        description: "The description of the line item."

      - name: "Quantity"
        type: "number"
        description: "The quantity of the line item."

      - name: "UnitAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The amount of the line item."

      - name: "AccountCode"
        type: "string"
        description: "The account code associated with the line item."

      - name: "ItemCode"
        type: "string"
        description: "The code associated with the line item."

      - name: "TaxType"
        type: "string"
        description: "The tax type associated with the line item."

      - name: "LineAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The total of the line item, calculated as `UnitAmount x Quantity`."

      - name: "TaxAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The total tax of the line item."

      - name: "DiscountRate"
        type: "number"
        description: "The discount rate of the line item, if applicable."

      - name: "Tracking"
        type: "array"
        description: |
          Details about the tracking categories applied to the line item, if applicable.
        subattributes:
          - description: |
              This will contain the same attributes as the `tracking_categories` table. Refer to the [`tracking_categories`](#tracking_categories) table schema for details.

  - name: "SubTotal"
    type: "number"
    description: "The subtotal of the credit note, excluding taxes."

  - name: "AppliedAmount"
    type: "number"
    description: ""

  - name: "TotalTax"
    type: "number"
    description: "The total tax on the credit note."

  - name: "Total"
    type: "number"
    description: "The total of the credit note, calculated as `SubTotal + TotalTax`."

  - name: "CurrencyCode"
    type: "string"
    description: "The currency code used for the credit note."
    foreign-key-id: "currency-code"

  - name: "FullyPaidOnDate"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The date that the credit note was fully paid, in UTC."

  - name: "CreditNoteNumber"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      An identifier for the credit note. The value this field contains varies depending on the credit note `Type`:

      - `ACCPAYCREDIT` - A non-unique alpha-numeric code identifying the credit note. In the {{ integration.display_name }} UI, this displays as **Reference**.
      - `ACCRECCREDIT` - A unique alpha-numeric code identifying the credit note.

  - name: "Reference"
    type: "string"
    description: "**Applicable only to `Type: ACCRECCREDIT` credit notes**. An additional reference number."

  - name: "SentToContact"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "If `true`, the credit note has been sent to a contact via the {{ integration.display_name }} app."

  - name: "CurrencyRate"
    type: "number"
    description: "The currency rate for a multicurrency invoice. If no rate is specified, the [XE.com day rate](http://help.xero.com/#CurrencySettings$Rates) is used."

  - name: "RemainingCredit"
    type: "number"
    description: "The remaining credit balance on the credit note."

  - name: "Allocations"
    type: "array"
    description: "Details about allocations associated with the credit note."
    subattributes:
      - name: "Invoice"
        type: "object"
        description: "Details about the invoice associated with the credit note."
        subattributes:
          - description: |
              This will contain the same attributes as the `invoices` table. Refer to the [`invoices`](#invoices) table schema for details.

      - name: "Date"
        type: "date-time"
        description: "The date the credit note was applied."

      - name: "Amount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The amount being applied to the invoice."

  - name: "BrandingThemeID"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the branding theme applied to the credit note."
    foreign-key-id: "branding-theme-id"

  - name: "HasAttachments"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "If `true`, the credit note has an attachment."

  - name: "DateString"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The date the credit note was issued."
---
