_integration-schemas/xero/receipts.md, before:

---
tap: "xero"
version: "1.0"

name: "receipts"
doc-link: &api-doc https://developer.xero.com/documentation/api/receipts
singer-schema: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-xero/blob/master/tap_xero/schemas/receipts.json
description: |
  The `receipts` table contains info about invoice receipts, which are receipts sent to customers after an invoice has been received.

replication-method: "Incremental"

api-method:
  name: getReceipts
  doc-link: *api-doc

attributes:
  - name: "ReceiptID"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The receipt ID."

  - name: "UpdatedDateUTC"
    type: "date-time"
    replication-key: true
    description: "The date the receipt was last updated, in UTC."

  - name: "Date"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The date of the receipt."

  - name: "Contact"
    type: ""
    description: |
      Details about the contact(s) associated with the receipt.

      {{ integration.subtable-note | flatify | replace:"table_name","contacts" }}

  - name: "LineItems"
    type: "array"
    description: "Details about the line items contained in the receipt."
    array-attributes:
      - name: "LineItemID"
        type: "string"
        description: "The ID of the line item."

      - name: "Description"
        type: "string"
        description: "The description of the line item."

      - name: "Quantity"
        type: "number"
        description: "The quantity of the line item."

      - name: "UnitAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The amount of the line item."

      - name: "AccountCode"
        type: "string"
        description: "The account code associated with the line item."

      - name: "ItemCode"
        type: "string"
        description: "The code associated with the line item."

      - name: "TaxType"
        type: "string"
        description: "The tax type associated with the line item."

      - name: "LineAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The total of the line item, calculated as `UnitAmount x Quantity`."

      - name: "TaxAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The total tax of the line item."

      - name: "DiscountRate"
        type: "number"
        description: "The discount rate of the line item, if applicable."

      - name: "Tracking"
        type: ""
        description: |
          Details about the tracking categories applied to the line item, if applicable.

          {{ integration.subsubtable-note | flatify | replace:"table_name","tracking_categories" }}

  - name: "User"
    type: ""
    description: |
      Details about the user(s) associated with the receipt.

      {{ integration.subtable-note | flatify | replace:"table_name","users" }}

  - name: "Reference"
    type: "string"
    description: "An additional reference number for the receipt."

  - name: "LineAmountTypes"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The type of amounts of the line items in the receipt. Possible values are:

      - `Exclusive` - Line items are exclusive of tax
      - `Inclusive` - Line items are inclusive of tax
      - `NoTax` - Line items have no tax

  - name: "SubTotal"
    type: "number"
    description: "The subtotal of the receipt."

  - name: "TotalTax"
    type: "number"
    description: "The total tax on the receipt."

  - name: "Total"
    type: "number"
    description: "The total amount of the receipt, calculated as `SubTotal + TotalTax`."

  - name: "Status"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The status of the receipt. Possible values are:

      - `DRAFT`
      - `SUBMITTED` - Receipt has been submitted as part of an expense claim
      - `AUTHORISED`
      - `DECLINED`

  - name: "ReceiptNumber"
    type: "integer"
    description: "A Xero-generated sequence number for the receipt in a current claim for a given user."

  - name: "HasAttachments"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "If `true`, the receipt has an attachment."

  - name: "Url"
    type: "string"
    description: "The URL link to a source document."

  # - name: "ID"
  #   type: "string"
  #   description: ""

  - name: "ValidationErrors"
    type: "array"
    description: "Details about the validation errors associated with the receipt, if any."
    array-attributes:
    - name: "Message"
      type: "string"
      description: "The validation error message."

  # - name: "Attachments"
  #   type: "array"
  #   description: ""
  #   array-attributes:
---

Commit message:

Re-do Xero schemas
- Re-do foreign keys
- Update table name copy
- Make `Incremental` > `Key-based Incremental`

_integration-schemas/xero/receipts.md, after:

---
tap: "xero"
version: "1.0"

name: "receipts"
doc-link: &api-doc https://developer.xero.com/documentation/api/receipts
singer-schema: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-xero/blob/master/tap_xero/schemas/receipts.json
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains info about invoice receipts, which are receipts sent to customers after an invoice has been received.

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"

api-method:
  name: getReceipts
  doc-link: *api-doc

attributes:
  - name: "ReceiptID"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The receipt ID."
    foreign-key-id: "receipt-id"

  - name: "UpdatedDateUTC"
    type: "date-time"
    replication-key: true
    description: "The date the receipt was last updated, in UTC."

  - name: "Date"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The date of the receipt."

  - name: "Contact"
    type: ""
    description: |
      Details about the contact(s) associated with the receipt.

      {{ integration.subtable-note | flatify | replace:"table_name","contacts" }}

  - name: "LineItems"
    type: "array"
    description: "Details about the line items contained in the receipt."
    array-attributes:
      - name: "LineItemID"
        type: "string"
        description: "The ID of the line item."

      - name: "Description"
        type: "string"
        description: "The description of the line item."

      - name: "Quantity"
        type: "number"
        description: "The quantity of the line item."

      - name: "UnitAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The amount of the line item."

      - name: "AccountCode"
        type: "string"
        description: "The account code associated with the line item."

      - name: "ItemCode"
        type: "string"
        description: "The code associated with the line item."

      - name: "TaxType"
        type: "string"
        description: "The tax type associated with the line item."

      - name: "LineAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The total of the line item, calculated as `UnitAmount x Quantity`."

      - name: "TaxAmount"
        type: "number"
        description: "The total tax of the line item."

      - name: "DiscountRate"
        type: "number"
        description: "The discount rate of the line item, if applicable."

      - name: "Tracking"
        type: ""
        description: |
          Details about the tracking categories applied to the line item, if applicable.

          {{ integration.subsubtable-note | flatify | replace:"table_name","tracking_categories" }}

  - name: "User"
    type: ""
    description: |
      Details about the user(s) associated with the receipt.

      {{ integration.subtable-note | flatify | replace:"table_name","users" }}

  - name: "Reference"
    type: "string"
    description: "An additional reference number for the receipt."

  - name: "LineAmountTypes"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The type of amounts of the line items in the receipt. Possible values are:

      - `Exclusive` - Line items are exclusive of tax
      - `Inclusive` - Line items are inclusive of tax
      - `NoTax` - Line items have no tax

  - name: "SubTotal"
    type: "number"
    description: "The subtotal of the receipt."

  - name: "TotalTax"
    type: "number"
    description: "The total tax on the receipt."

  - name: "Total"
    type: "number"
    description: "The total amount of the receipt, calculated as `SubTotal + TotalTax`."

  - name: "Status"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The status of the receipt. Possible values are:

      - `DRAFT`
      - `SUBMITTED` - Receipt has been submitted as part of an expense claim
      - `AUTHORISED`
      - `DECLINED`

  - name: "ReceiptNumber"
    type: "integer"
    description: "A Xero-generated sequence number for the receipt in a current claim for a given user."

  - name: "HasAttachments"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "If `true`, the receipt has an attachment."

  - name: "Url"
    type: "string"
    description: "The URL link to a source document."

  # - name: "ID"
  #   type: "string"
  #   description: ""

  - name: "ValidationErrors"
    type: "array"
    description: "Details about the validation errors associated with the receipt, if any."
    array-attributes:
    - name: "Message"
      type: "string"
      description: "The validation error message."

  # - name: "Attachments"
  #   type: "array"
  #   description: ""
  #   array-attributes:
---
