_developer-files/connect/api/objects/destinations/v4/create-a-destination-v4.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      ENDPOINT DETAILS      #
# -------------------------- #

product-type: "connect"
content-type: "api-endpoint"
endpoint: "destinations"
key: "create-a-destination"
version: "4"


# -------------------------- #
#       METHOD DETAILS       #
# -------------------------- #

title: "Create a destination"
method: "post"
short-url: |
  /v{{ endpoint.version }}{{ object.endpoint-url }}
full-url: |
  {{ api.base-url }}{{ endpoint.short-url | flatify }}
short: "{{ api.core-objects.destinations.create.short }}"
description: "{{ api.core-objects.destinations.create.description | flatify }}"


# -------------------------- #
#       METHOD ARGUMENTS     #
# -------------------------- #

arguments:
  - name: "type"
    required: true
    type: "string"
    description: "{{ connect.common.attributes.destination-type | flatify }}"

  - name: "properties"
    required: true
    type: "object"
    description: "A [Destination Form Properties object]({{ api.form-properties.destination-forms.section }}) corresponding to the value of `type`."


# -------------------------- #
#           RETURNS          #
# -------------------------- #

returns: |
  If successful, the API will return a status of `200 OK` and a [Destination object]({{ api.core-objects.destinations.object }}) with a `report_card` property.

  The `report_card` property contains the [Destination Report Card object]({{ api.data-structures.report-cards.destination.section }}) for the destination's configuration status.


# ------------------------------ #
#   EXAMPLE REQUEST & RESPONSES  #
# ------------------------------ #

examples:
  - type: "Request"
    language: "json"
    subexamples:
      - type: "Create a PostgreSQL destination"
        code: |
          curl -X {{ endpoint.method | upcase }} {{ endpoint.full-url | flatify | strip_newlines }}
               -H "Authorization: Bearer <ACCESS_TOKEN>" 
               -H "Content-Type: application/json"
               -d "{
                    "type":"postgres",
                    "properties": {
                      "host":"<HOST>",
                      "port":"5432",
                      "username":"stitch",
                      "database":"demni2mf59dt10",
                      "password":"<PASSWORD>",
                      "ssl":false
                      }
                   }"


  - type: "Response"
    language: "json"
    subexamples:
      - type: "PostgreSQL destination response"
        code: |
          {
            "properties": {
              "database": "demni2mf59dt10",
              "encryption_type": "none",
              "host": "<HOST>",
              "port": "5432",
              "ssl": "true",
              "status": "1",
              "username": "stitch"
            },
            "updated_at": "2019-05-24T18:04:08Z",
            "name": "Default Warehouse",
            "type": "postgres",
            "deleted_at": null,
            "system_paused_at": null,
            "stitch_client_id": 116078,
            "paused_at": null,
            "id": 155582,
            "display_name": null,
            "created_at": "2019-05-24T18:03:50Z",
            "report_card": {
              "type": "postgres",
              "current_step": 2,
              "current_step_type": "fully_configured",
              "steps": [
                {
                  "type": "form",
                  "properties": [
                    {
                      "name": "database",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "encryption_host",
                      "is_required": false,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "anyOf": [
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "ipv4"
                          },
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "ipv6"
                          },
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "hostname"
                          }
                        ]
                      },
                      "provided": false
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "encryption_port",
                      "is_required": false,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "pattern": "^\\d+$"
                      },
                      "provided": false
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "encryption_type",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "pattern": "^(ssh|none)$"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "encryption_username",
                      "is_required": false,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string"
                      },
                      "provided": false
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "host",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "anyOf": [
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "ipv4"
                          },
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "ipv6"
                          },
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "hostname"
                          }
                        ]
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "password",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": true,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "port",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "pattern": "^\\d+$"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "ssl",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "boolean"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "sslrootcert",
                      "is_required": false,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string"
                      },
                      "provided": false
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "username",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    }
                  ]
                },
                {
                  "type": "fully_configured",
                  "properties": []
                }
              ]
            }
          }
  - type: "Errors"
---

Commit message:

Add link to availability guide to Connect reference

_developer-files/connect/api/objects/destinations/v4/create-a-destination-v4.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      ENDPOINT DETAILS      #
# -------------------------- #

product-type: "connect"
content-type: "api-endpoint"
endpoint: "destinations"
key: "create-a-destination"
version: "4"


# -------------------------- #
#       METHOD DETAILS       #
# -------------------------- #

title: "Create a destination"
method: "post"
short-url: |
  /v{{ endpoint.version }}{{ object.endpoint-url }}
full-url: |
  {{ api.base-url }}{{ endpoint.short-url | flatify }}
short: "{{ api.core-objects.destinations.create.short }}"
description: |
  {{ api.core-objects.destinations.create.description | flatify }}

  Refer to the [Destination and source API availability reference]({{ link.connect.guides.connection-reference | prepend: site.baseurl | append: "#destinations-api-availability" }}) for info on the destinations that are available in the API.


# -------------------------- #
#       METHOD ARGUMENTS     #
# -------------------------- #

arguments:
  - name: "type"
    required: true
    type: "string"
    description: "{{ connect.common.attributes.destination-type | flatify }}"

  - name: "properties"
    required: true
    type: "object"
    description: "A [Destination Form Property object]({{ api.form-properties.destination-forms.section }}) corresponding to the value of `type`."


# -------------------------- #
#           RETURNS          #
# -------------------------- #

returns: |
  If successful, the API will return a status of `200 OK` and a [Destination object]({{ api.core-objects.destinations.object }}) with a `report_card` property.

  The `report_card` property contains the [Destination Report Card object]({{ api.data-structures.report-cards.destination.section }}) for the destination's configuration status.


# ------------------------------ #
#   EXAMPLE REQUEST & RESPONSES  #
# ------------------------------ #

examples:
  - type: "Request"
    language: "json"
    subexamples:
      - type: "Create a PostgreSQL destination"
        code: |
          curl -X {{ endpoint.method | upcase }} {{ endpoint.full-url | flatify | strip_newlines }}
               -H "Authorization: Bearer <ACCESS_TOKEN>" 
               -H "Content-Type: application/json"
               -d "{
                    "type":"postgres",
                    "properties": {
                      "host":"<HOST>",
                      "port":"5432",
                      "username":"stitch",
                      "database":"demni2mf59dt10",
                      "password":"<PASSWORD>",
                      "ssl":false
                      }
                   }"


  - type: "Response"
    language: "json"
    subexamples:
      - type: "PostgreSQL destination response"
        code: |
          {
            "properties": {
              "database": "demni2mf59dt10",
              "encryption_type": "none",
              "host": "<HOST>",
              "port": "5432",
              "ssl": "true",
              "status": "1",
              "username": "stitch"
            },
            "updated_at": "2019-05-24T18:04:08Z",
            "name": "Default Warehouse",
            "type": "postgres",
            "deleted_at": null,
            "system_paused_at": null,
            "stitch_client_id": 116078,
            "paused_at": null,
            "id": 155582,
            "display_name": null,
            "created_at": "2019-05-24T18:03:50Z",
            "report_card": {
              "type": "postgres",
              "current_step": 2,
              "current_step_type": "fully_configured",
              "steps": [
                {
                  "type": "form",
                  "properties": [
                    {
                      "name": "database",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "encryption_host",
                      "is_required": false,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "anyOf": [
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "ipv4"
                          },
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "ipv6"
                          },
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "hostname"
                          }
                        ]
                      },
                      "provided": false
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "encryption_port",
                      "is_required": false,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "pattern": "^\\d+$"
                      },
                      "provided": false
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "encryption_type",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "pattern": "^(ssh|none)$"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "encryption_username",
                      "is_required": false,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string"
                      },
                      "provided": false
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "host",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "anyOf": [
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "ipv4"
                          },
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "ipv6"
                          },
                          {
                            "type": "string",
                            "format": "hostname"
                          }
                        ]
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "password",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": true,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "port",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "pattern": "^\\d+$"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "ssl",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "boolean"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "sslrootcert",
                      "is_required": false,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string"
                      },
                      "provided": false
                    },
                    {
                      "name": "username",
                      "is_required": true,
                      "is_credential": false,
                      "system_provided": false,
                      "property_type": "user_provided",
                      "json_schema": {
                        "type": "string"
                      },
                      "provided": true
                    }
                  ]
                },
                {
                  "type": "fully_configured",
                  "properties": []
                }
              ]
            }
          }
  - type: "Errors"
---
