_integration-schemas/closeio/v1/event_log.md, before:

---
tap: "closeio"
version: "1.0"

name: "event_log"
doc-link: ""
singer-schema: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-closeio/blob/master/tap_closeio/schemas/event_log.json"

description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains info about events generated in your {{ integration.display_name }} account. This could include creating a lead, sending an email, or deleting a note.

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"

api-method:
  name: "Retrieve a list of events"
  doc-link: "https://developer.close.io/#event-log-retrieve-a-list-of-events"

attributes:
  - name: "id"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The event ID."
    foreign-key-id: "event-id"

  - name: "date_updated"
    type: "string"
    replication-key: true
    description: "The time the event was last updated."

  - name: "action"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The type of action that was performed on the `object_type`. Possible values vary depending on the `object_type`, but the most common types are:

      - `created`
      - `deleted`
      - `updated` 

      Refer to [Close.io's documentation](https://developer.close.io/#listofevents){:target="new"} for a full list of possible values.
    doc-link: "https://developer.close.io/#listofevents" 

  - name: "changed_fields"
    type: "array"
    description: "For events where `action: updated`, a list of fields that have changed."
    array-attributes:
      - name: "value"
        type: "string"
        description: "The name of the field that was changed."

  - name: "data"
    type: "string"
    description: "The payload of the affected object, as if it were retrieved via Close.io's API. This is `null` for events where `action: deleted`, and is only returned for organization admins."

  - name: "date_created"
    type: "string"
    description: "The date the event was created."

  - name: "lead_id"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the lead associated with the event, if applicable. In the case where `object_type: lead`, this will be equivalent to `object_id`."
    foreign-key-id: "lead-id"

  - name: "meta"
    type: "object"
    description: |
      Additional information for certain activity types.
    object-attributes:
      - name: "request_method"
        type: "string"
        description: "For events associated with an HTTP request, the method of the request. For example: `POST`"

      - name: "request_path"
        type: "string"
        description: "For events associated with an HTTP request, the path of the request. For example: `/api/v1/lead`"

  - name: "object_id"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The ID of the affected object. In the case where `object_type: lead`, this will be equivalent to `lead_id`.

  - name: "object_type"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The type of object associated with the event. Possible values include:

      - `activity.email`
      - `activity.email_thread`
      - `activity.call`
      - `activity.note`
      - `activity.lead_status_change`
      - `activity.opportunity_status_change`
      - `activity.task_completed`
      - `bulk_action.delete`
      - `bulk_action.edit`
      - `bulk_action.email`
      - `bulk_action.sequence_subscription`
      - `contact`
      - `custom_fields.lead`
      - `email_template`
      - `export.lead`
      - `export.opportunity`
      - `import`
      - `lead`
      - `membership`
      - `opportunity`
      - `saved_search`
      - `sequence`
      - `sequence_subscription`
      - `status.lead`
      - `status.opportunity`

    doc-link: "https://developer.close.io/#listofevents"

  - name: "organization_id"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the organization associated with the event."
    foreign-key-id: "organization-id"

  - name: "previous_data"
    type: "string"
    description: "**This field is only returned for {{ integration.display_name }} organization admins.** For events where `action: updated`, the fields that have been changed and their previous values."

  - name: "request_id"
    type: "string"
    description: "The unique request identifier."

  - name: "user_id"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the user who generated the event. This will be `null` if the event wasn't directly generated by a user action."
    foreign-key-id: "user-id"
---

Commit message:

Add 30 day historical limit for event_log table

_integration-schemas/closeio/v1/event_log.md, after:

---
tap: "closeio"
version: "1.0"

name: "event_log"
doc-link: ""
singer-schema: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-closeio/blob/master/tap_closeio/schemas/event_log.json"

description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains info about events generated in your {{ integration.display_name }} account. This could include creating a lead, sending an email, or deleting a note.

  #### Historical data limitations

  Due to how {{ integration.display_name }}'s API functions, [only 30 days of historical data is available for this table](https://developer.close.io/#event-log){:target="new"} from the initial connection date.

  Refer to the [Replication section](#historical-event-log-data) for more info.

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"

api-method:
  name: "Retrieve a list of events"
  doc-link: "https://developer.close.io/#event-log-retrieve-a-list-of-events"

attributes:
  - name: "id"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The event ID."
    foreign-key-id: "event-id"

  - name: "date_updated"
    type: "string"
    replication-key: true
    description: "The time the event was last updated."

  - name: "action"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The type of action that was performed on the `object_type`. Possible values vary depending on the `object_type`, but the most common types are:

      - `created`
      - `deleted`
      - `updated` 

      Refer to [Close.io's documentation](https://developer.close.io/#listofevents){:target="new"} for a full list of possible values.
    doc-link: "https://developer.close.io/#listofevents" 

  - name: "changed_fields"
    type: "array"
    description: "For events where `action: updated`, a list of fields that have changed."
    array-attributes:
      - name: "value"
        type: "string"
        description: "The name of the field that was changed."

  - name: "data"
    type: "string"
    description: "The payload of the affected object, as if it were retrieved via Close.io's API. This is `null` for events where `action: deleted`, and is only returned for organization admins."

  - name: "date_created"
    type: "string"
    description: "The date the event was created."

  - name: "lead_id"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the lead associated with the event, if applicable. In the case where `object_type: lead`, this will be equivalent to `object_id`."
    foreign-key-id: "lead-id"

  - name: "meta"
    type: "object"
    description: |
      Additional information for certain activity types.
    object-attributes:
      - name: "request_method"
        type: "string"
        description: "For events associated with an HTTP request, the method of the request. For example: `POST`"

      - name: "request_path"
        type: "string"
        description: "For events associated with an HTTP request, the path of the request. For example: `/api/v1/lead`"

  - name: "object_id"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The ID of the affected object. In the case where `object_type: lead`, this will be equivalent to `lead_id`.

  - name: "object_type"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The type of object associated with the event. Possible values include:

      - `activity.email`
      - `activity.email_thread`
      - `activity.call`
      - `activity.note`
      - `activity.lead_status_change`
      - `activity.opportunity_status_change`
      - `activity.task_completed`
      - `bulk_action.delete`
      - `bulk_action.edit`
      - `bulk_action.email`
      - `bulk_action.sequence_subscription`
      - `contact`
      - `custom_fields.lead`
      - `email_template`
      - `export.lead`
      - `export.opportunity`
      - `import`
      - `lead`
      - `membership`
      - `opportunity`
      - `saved_search`
      - `sequence`
      - `sequence_subscription`
      - `status.lead`
      - `status.opportunity`

    doc-link: "https://developer.close.io/#listofevents"

  - name: "organization_id"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the organization associated with the event."
    foreign-key-id: "organization-id"

  - name: "previous_data"
    type: "string"
    description: "**This field is only returned for {{ integration.display_name }} organization admins.** For events where `action: updated`, the fields that have been changed and their previous values."

  - name: "request_id"
    type: "string"
    description: "The unique request identifier."

  - name: "user_id"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the user who generated the event. This will be `null` if the event wasn't directly generated by a user action."
    foreign-key-id: "user-id"
---
