_saas-integrations/zuora/zuora-latest.md, before:

---
title: Zuora
permalink: /integrations/saas/zuora
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: zuora, integration, schema, etl zuora, zuora etl, zuora schema
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's Zuora integration."
layout: singer

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "zuora"
display_name: "Zuora"
singer: true
author: "Stitch"
author-url: "https://www.stitchdata.com"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-zuora

this-version: "1.0"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: true

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Premium"
status-url: "http://trust.zuora.com/"
icon: /images/integrations/icons/zuora.svg
whitelist:
  tables: true
  columns: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**Administrator permissions in {{ integration.display_name }}.** These permissions are required to create a {{ integration.display_name }} user for Stitch."

setup-steps:
  - title: "Create a Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} User"
    anchor: "#create-stitch-zuora-user"
    content: |

      In this step, you'll create a {{ integration.display_name }} user for Stitch. Creating a Stitch-specific user will ensure that Stitch is distinguishable in any logs or audits.

      {% capture zuora-user-requirements %}
      **Zuora User Requirements**<br>
      To replicate your {{ integration.display_name }} data, Stitch requires a user that:<br><br>

      1. **Has Standard user permissions.** While Stitch will only ever read your data, these permissions are required to access certain objects in {{ integration.display_name }}.<br><br>
      2. **Has two-factor authentication disabled.** If this is enabled, connection and replication issues will occur after setup. Refer to the **Disable or Reset Two-Factor Authentication** section [in this {{ integration.display_name }} documentation](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CF_Users_and_Administrators/Two-Factor_Authentication) for help disabling this setting.<br><br>
      3. **Has credentials that don't expire.** This is applicable only if your company enforces Password Expiration rules. If Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} credentials expire, connection issues may arise. [Refer to this {{ integration.display_name }} support article for a workaround](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/kb/How_do_I_prevent_my_API_user_login_from_expiring%3F).
      {% endcapture %}

      {% include important.html content=zuora-user-requirements %}

      #### Create the {{ integration.display_name }} User

      {% include layout/inline_image.html type="right" file="integrations/zuora-user-setup.png" alt="Zuora user permissions" max-width="400px" %}1. Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account, if you haven't already.
      2. Click your username in the top-right corner.
      3. Click **Administration**, then **Manage Users**.
      4. Click **Add Single User**.
      5. Enter a first and last name for the user.
      6. Enter an email address in the **Work Email** field.
      7. Enter an email address in the **Login Field**.
      8. In the **{{ integration.display_name }} Platform Role** field, select **Standard User**.
      9. For the remaining **Role** fields, select the **Standard User** option.
      10. There aren't any requirements for the **Locale** and **Language** fields - leave them as the defaults.
      11. Click **Save** to create the user.

      After the user is created, {{ integration.display_name }} will send a verification email to the email address in the **Work Email** field. Complete the verification and set a password for the Stitch user before moving on to the next step.

  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. If the {{ integration.display_name }} instance you want to connect to Stitch is a sandbox, check the **Connect to a Sandbox Environment** checkbox.
      5. In the **Username** field, enter the Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} user's username. This is the email address that was in the **Login Name** field when you created the user.
      6. In the **Password** field, enter the password associated with the Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} user.
      7. If the {{ integration.display_name }} instance you want to connect to Stitch is a **sandbox**, check the **Connect to a Sandbox Environment** box.
      8. If the {{ integration.display_name }} instance you want to connect to Stitch is **based in Europe**, check the **Connect to a European endpoint** box. If you aren't sure if this is applicable to you, [refer to Zuora's documentation](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Zuora_Data_Centers).

  - title: "Select a Zuora Extraction API"
    anchor: "rest-vs-aqua-api"
    content: |
      Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration gives you the ability to select the API that you want Stitch to use to extract data. If you aren't sure which API you should use, take a look at the brief comparison below.

      This setting can be changed at any time, but will only affect extractions that take place after the change.

      Once you've decided, click the radio button next to the API you want to use.

      {% include note.html content="If using the AQuA API, you'll also need to enter a partner ID in the **Zuora Partner ID** field. If you don't already have this credential, reach out to [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/) before proceeding." %}

      <table width="100%; fixed">
      <tr>
      <th width="24%; fixed">
      </th>
      <th width="32%; fixed">
      REST API
      </th>
      <th width="44%; fixed">
      AQuA API
      </th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td markdown="span">
      **Good for replicating**
      </td>
      <td markdown="span">
        Small data sets, more frequently
      </td>
      <td markdown="span">
        Large data sets, less frequently
      </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td markdown="span">
          **Deleted Records**
        </td>
        <td markdown="span">
          Unsupported
        </td>
        <td>
          <strong>Supported</strong>. An additional column (<code>deleted</code>) will be added to objects that support deletions, which indicates the record's deletion status.

          <br><br>

          <strong>Deleted data extraction is unsupported by the AQuA API for the following objects</strong>:
          <ul>
            <li>Payment Transaction Log</li>
            <li>Refund Transaction Log</li>
            <li>Revenue Schedule Item Invoice Item Adjustment</li>
          </ul>

          For more info on deleted data and the AQuA API, <a href="https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/T_Aggregate_Query_API/B_Submit_Query/a_Export_Deleted_Data">refer to Zuora's documentation</a>.
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td markdown="span">
          **Requires Additional Zuora Credentials**
        </td>
        <td markdown="span">
          No
        </td>
        <td markdown="span">
          <strong>Yes</strong>. Using the AQuA API requires a Partner ID - to obtain one, reach out to [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).
        </td>
      </tr>
      </table>

  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "track data"

# -------------------------- #
#         REPLICATION        #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - title: "Replicate Deleted Data"
    anchor: "replicate-deleted-data"
    content: |
      {% capture aqua-api-note %}
       This is only applicable if using the [AQuA API for data extraction](#rest-vs-aqua-api). Zuora's REST API does not support extracting deleted data.
      {% endcapture %}

      {% include note.html content=aqua-api-note %}

      If using the AQuA API for data extraction, deleted data will be replicated for objects that support it. Supported objects will contain a boolean column named `deleted` that indicates a record's deletion status.

      This column isn't automatically included for replication - [it must be set to replicate](#setting-data-to-replicate).

      Deleted data is supported for all objects with the exception of the following:

      - `PaymentTransactionLog`
      - `RefundTransactionLog`
      - `RevenueScheduleItemInvoiceItemAdjustment`

  - title: "Custom Field Replication"
    anchor: "custom-field-replication"
    content: |
      Custom object properties, or attributes, are supported by Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration. If custom fields are available through {{ integration.display_name }}'s API, Stitch will replicate them to your destination.

      This is applicable to any object that supports custom fields in {{ integration.display_name }}.


# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

schema-sections:
  - content: |
      To get a better understanding of how {{ integration.display_name }} objects relate to each other, check out [{{ integration.display_name }}'s Entity Relationship Diagram](http://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BC_Developers/SOAP_API/E0_API_Object_Relationships). 

      Understanding the relationships between different data sets will allow you to perform more in-depth and complex analyses.
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Update main Zuora doc
1. Add `Unsupported Objects` section
2. Update the `Object Relationships` section

_saas-integrations/zuora/zuora-latest.md, after:

---
title: Zuora
permalink: /integrations/saas/zuora
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: zuora, integration, schema, etl zuora, zuora etl, zuora schema
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's Zuora integration."
layout: singer

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "zuora"
display_name: "Zuora"
singer: true
author: "Stitch"
author-url: "https://www.stitchdata.com"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-zuora

this-version: "1.0"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: true

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Premium"
status-url: "http://trust.zuora.com/"
icon: /images/integrations/icons/zuora.svg
whitelist:
  tables: true
  columns: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**Administrator permissions in {{ integration.display_name }}.** These permissions are required to create a {{ integration.display_name }} user for Stitch."

setup-steps:
  - title: "Create a Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} User"
    anchor: "#create-stitch-zuora-user"
    content: |

      In this step, you'll create a {{ integration.display_name }} user for Stitch. Creating a Stitch-specific user will ensure that Stitch is distinguishable in any logs or audits.

      {% capture zuora-user-requirements %}
      **Zuora User Requirements**<br>
      To replicate your {{ integration.display_name }} data, Stitch requires a user that:<br><br>

      1. **Has Standard user permissions.** While Stitch will only ever read your data, these permissions are required to access certain objects in {{ integration.display_name }}.<br><br>
      2. **Has two-factor authentication disabled.** If this is enabled, connection and replication issues will occur after setup. Refer to the **Disable or Reset Two-Factor Authentication** section [in this {{ integration.display_name }} documentation](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CF_Users_and_Administrators/Two-Factor_Authentication) for help disabling this setting.<br><br>
      3. **Has credentials that don't expire.** This is applicable only if your company enforces Password Expiration rules. If Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} credentials expire, connection issues may arise. [Refer to this {{ integration.display_name }} support article for a workaround](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/kb/How_do_I_prevent_my_API_user_login_from_expiring%3F).
      {% endcapture %}

      {% include important.html content=zuora-user-requirements %}

      #### Create the {{ integration.display_name }} User

      {% include layout/inline_image.html type="right" file="integrations/zuora-user-setup.png" alt="Zuora user permissions" max-width="400px" %}1. Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account, if you haven't already.
      2. Click your username in the top-right corner.
      3. Click **Administration**, then **Manage Users**.
      4. Click **Add Single User**.
      5. Enter a first and last name for the user.
      6. Enter an email address in the **Work Email** field.
      7. Enter an email address in the **Login Field**.
      8. In the **{{ integration.display_name }} Platform Role** field, select **Standard User**.
      9. For the remaining **Role** fields, select the **Standard User** option.
      10. There aren't any requirements for the **Locale** and **Language** fields - leave them as the defaults.
      11. Click **Save** to create the user.

      After the user is created, {{ integration.display_name }} will send a verification email to the email address in the **Work Email** field. Complete the verification and set a password for the Stitch user before moving on to the next step.

  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. If the {{ integration.display_name }} instance you want to connect to Stitch is a sandbox, check the **Connect to a Sandbox Environment** checkbox.
      5. In the **Username** field, enter the Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} user's username. This is the email address that was in the **Login Name** field when you created the user.
      6. In the **Password** field, enter the password associated with the Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} user.
      7. If the {{ integration.display_name }} instance you want to connect to Stitch is a **sandbox**, check the **Connect to a Sandbox Environment** box.
      8. If the {{ integration.display_name }} instance you want to connect to Stitch is **based in Europe**, check the **Connect to a European endpoint** box. If you aren't sure if this is applicable to you, [refer to Zuora's documentation](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/Zuora_Data_Centers).

  - title: "Select a Zuora Extraction API"
    anchor: "rest-vs-aqua-api"
    content: |
      Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration gives you the ability to select the API that you want Stitch to use to extract data. If you aren't sure which API you should use, take a look at the brief comparison below.

      This setting can be changed at any time, but will only affect extractions that take place after the change.

      Once you've decided, click the radio button next to the API you want to use.

      {% include note.html content="If using the AQuA API, you'll also need to enter a partner ID in the **Zuora Partner ID** field. If you don't already have this credential, reach out to [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/) before proceeding." %}

      <table width="100%; fixed">
      <tr>
      <th width="24%; fixed">
      </th>
      <th width="32%; fixed">
      REST API
      </th>
      <th width="44%; fixed">
      AQuA API
      </th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td markdown="span">
      **Good for replicating**
      </td>
      <td markdown="span">
        Small data sets, more frequently
      </td>
      <td markdown="span">
        Large data sets, less frequently
      </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td markdown="span">
          **Deleted Records**
        </td>
        <td markdown="span">
          Unsupported
        </td>
        <td>
          <strong>Supported</strong>. An additional column (<code>deleted</code>) will be added to objects that support deletions, which indicates the record's deletion status.

          <br><br>

          <strong>Deleted data extraction is unsupported by the AQuA API for the following objects</strong>:
          <ul>
            <li>Payment Transaction Log</li>
            <li>Refund Transaction Log</li>
            <li>Revenue Schedule Item Invoice Item Adjustment</li>
          </ul>

          For more info on deleted data and the AQuA API, <a href="https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/T_Aggregate_Query_API/B_Submit_Query/a_Export_Deleted_Data">refer to Zuora's documentation</a>.
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td markdown="span">
          **Requires Additional Zuora Credentials**
        </td>
        <td markdown="span">
          No
        </td>
        <td markdown="span">
          <strong>Yes</strong>. Using the AQuA API requires a Partner ID - to obtain one, reach out to [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).
        </td>
      </tr>
      </table>

  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "track data"

# -------------------------- #
#         REPLICATION        #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - title: "Replicate Deleted Data"
    anchor: "replicate-deleted-data"
    content: |
      {% capture aqua-api-note %}
       This is only applicable if using the [AQuA API for data extraction](#rest-vs-aqua-api). Zuora's REST API does not support extracting deleted data.
      {% endcapture %}

      {% include note.html content=aqua-api-note %}

      If using the AQuA API for data extraction, deleted data will be replicated for objects that support it. Supported objects will contain a boolean column named `deleted` that indicates a record's deletion status.

      **Note**: This column won't be automatically included for replication - [it must be set to replicate](#setting-data-to-replicate).

      Deleted data is supported for all objects with the exception of the following:

      - `PaymentTransactionLog`
      - `RefundTransactionLog`
      - `RevenueScheduleItemInvoiceItemAdjustment`

  - title: "Custom Field Replication"
    anchor: "custom-field-replication"
    content: |
      Custom object properties, or attributes, are supported by Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration. If custom fields are available through {{ integration.display_name }}'s API, Stitch will replicate them to your destination.

      This is applicable to any object that supports custom fields in {{ integration.display_name }}.

  - title: "Unsupported Objects"
    anchor: "unsupported-objects"
    content: |
      Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} does not currently support replication for the following objects:

      - `invoiceFile`
      - `paymentMethodSnapshot`
      - `unitOfMeasure`

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

schema-sections:
  - title: "Zuora Object Relationships"
    anchor: "zuora-entity-relationships"
    content: |
      To get a better understanding of how {{ integration.display_name }} objects relate to each other, check out [{{ integration.display_name }}'s Entity Relationship Diagram](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/D_Zuora_Business_Objects_Relationship). 

      Understanding the relationships between different data sets will allow you to perform more in-depth and complex analyses.

      **Don't see a table listed here?** The list of tables shown below is not an exhaustive list of all the tables Stitch can replicate from {{ integration.display_name }}.

      We're working on adding documentation for additional {{ integration.display_name }} tables. If there's a specific table you'd like to see here, let us know by [opening an issue in the Stitch Docs GitHub repo](https://github.com/stitchdata/docs).

---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
