_integration-schemas/frontapp/v1/team_table.md, before:

---
tap: "frontapp"
version: "1.0"

name: "team_table"
doc-link: "https://dev.frontapp.com/#analytics"
singer-schema: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-frontapp/blob/master/tap_frontapp/schemas/team_table.json"
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains a list of team member statistics since the last completed replication job through the most recent iteration of the defined [**Incremental Range**](#add-stitch-data-source) (daqy or hour).

  This table will include team members from all teams in your {{ integration.display_name }} account.

  **Note**: During the historical replication job, all increments since the **Start Date** will be replicated. This will result in the first record for this table being an aggregated record across all team members.

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"

api-method:
    name: "Get analytics"
    doc-link: "https://dev.frontapp.com/#get-analytics"

attributes:
  - name: "analytics_range"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The range the analytics pertain to."

  - name: "teammate_v"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The team member's ID."
    # foreign-key-id: "teammate-id"

  - name: "teammate_id"
    type: "integer"
    description: ""

  - name: "analytics_date"
    type: "date"
    primary-key: true
    replication-key: true
    description: "The date the analytics pertain to."

  - name: "avg_first_reaction_time_p"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's previous average first reaction time."

  - name: "avg_first_reaction_time_v"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's current average first reaction time."

  - name: "avg_message_conversations_p"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's previous average number of message conversations."

  - name: "avg_message_conversations_v"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's current average number of message conversations."

  - name: "avg_reaction_time_p"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's previous average reaction time."

  - name: "avg_reaction_time_v"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's current average reaction time."

  - name: "num_composed_p"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's previous number of composed messages."

  - name: "num_composed_v"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's current number of composed messages."

  - name: "num_conversations_p"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's previous number of conversations."

  - name: "num_conversations_v"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's current number of conversations."

  - name: "num_messages_p"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's previous number of messages."

  - name: "num_messages_v"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's current number of messages."

  - name: "num_replied_p"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's previous number of replies."

  - name: "num_replied_v"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's current number of replies."

  - name: "num_sent_p"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's previous number of sent messages."

  - name: "num_sent_v"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's current number of sent messages."

  - name: "teammate_p"
    type: "string"
    description: ""

  - name: "teammate_url"
    type: "string"
    description: "The team member's URL in {{ integration.display_name }}."
---

Commit message:

Update schema descriptions based on convo with FrontApp support
Per their support:

> Thanks for raising the question about the 'v' and 'p' fields - 'v'
refers to the current period, and 'p' refers to the previous period.
This isn't particularly clear in our documentation, so we'll do what we
can to get that updated and make it clearer

_integration-schemas/frontapp/v1/team_table.md, after:

---
tap: "frontapp"
version: "1.0"

name: "team_table"
doc-link: "https://dev.frontapp.com/#analytics"
singer-schema: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-frontapp/blob/master/tap_frontapp/schemas/team_table.json"
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains a list of team member statistics since the last completed replication job through the most recent iteration of the defined [**Incremental Range**](#add-stitch-data-source) (daqy or hour).

  This table will include team members from all teams in your {{ integration.display_name }} account.

  **Note**: During the historical replication job, all increments since the **Start Date** will be replicated. This will result in the first record for this table being an aggregated record across all team members.

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"

api-method:
    name: "Get analytics"
    doc-link: "https://dev.frontapp.com/#get-analytics"

attributes:
  - name: "analytics_range"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The range the analytics pertain to."

  - name: "teammate_v"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The team member's ID."
    # foreign-key-id: "teammate-id"

  - name: "teammate_id"
    type: "integer"
    description: ""

  - name: "analytics_date"
    type: "date"
    primary-key: true
    replication-key: true
    description: "The date the analytics pertain to."

  - name: "avg_first_reaction_time_p"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's average first reaction time for the previous period."

  - name: "avg_first_reaction_time_v"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's average first reaction time for the current period."

  - name: "avg_message_conversations_p"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's average number of message conversations for the previous period."

  - name: "avg_message_conversations_v"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's average number of message conversations for the current period."

  - name: "avg_reaction_time_p"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's average reaction time for the previous period."

  - name: "avg_reaction_time_v"
    type: "number"
    description: "The team member's average reaction time for the current period."

  - name: "num_composed_p"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's number of composed messages for the previous period."

  - name: "num_composed_v"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's number of composed messages for the current period."

  - name: "num_conversations_p"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's number of conversations for the previous period."

  - name: "num_conversations_v"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's number of conversations for the current period."

  - name: "num_messages_p"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's number of messages for the previous period."

  - name: "num_messages_v"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's number of messages for the current period."

  - name: "num_replied_p"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's number of replies for the previous period."

  - name: "num_replied_v"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's number of replies for the current period."

  - name: "num_sent_p"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's number of sent messages for the previous period."

  - name: "num_sent_v"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The team member's number of sent messages for the current period."

  - name: "teammate_p"
    type: "string"
    description: ""

  - name: "teammate_url"
    type: "string"
    description: "The team member's URL in {{ integration.display_name }}."
---
