_integration-schemas/marketo/activities.md, before:

---
tap: "marketo"
# version: ""

name: "activities"
doc-link: "http://developers.marketo.com/rest-api/endpoint-reference/lead-database-endpoint-reference/#!/Activities/getLeadActivitiesUsingGET"
singer-schema: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-marketo/blob/master/tap_marketo/schemas/activities.json
description: |
  The `activities` table contains info about lead activities.

notes: 

replication-method: "Incremental"
api-method:
  name: "getLeadActivities"
  doc-link: "http://developers.marketo.com/rest-api/endpoint-reference/lead-database-endpoint-reference/#!/Activities/getLeadActivitiesUsingGET"

attributes:
  - name: "id"
    type: "integer"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The ID of the activity."

  - name: "activityDate"
    type: "date-time"
    replication-key: true
    description: "The date of the activity."

  - name: "leadId"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the lead associated with the activity."

  - name: "activityTypeId"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the activity type."

  - name: "primaryAttributeValue"
    type: "string"
    description: "Value of the activity's primary attribute."

  - name: "primaryAttributeValueId"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the activity's primary attribute."

  - name: "attributes"
    type: "array"
    description: "Secondary attributes of the activity."
    array-attributes:
      - name: "name"
        type: "string"
        description: "The name of the secondary attribute."

      - name: "value"
        type: "string"
        description: "The value of the secondary attribute."
---

Commit message:

Update an old branch to begin new work
  Squashed commit of the everything between the following:

  commit 5b3423485f64cd34d5da410dcacd3eff0f0f865a
  Merge: 2ba4ba4 840483c
  Author: Erin Cochran <erin@stitchdata.com>
  Date:   Wed Jan 16 12:26:42 2019 -0500

      Merge pull request #219 from stitchdata/Typeform/v1

      Typeform/v1

  commit db585d9b2e1a3ae778c51703321bf8e7f009be70
  Author: Erin Cochran <erin@stitchdata.com>
  Date:   Fri Dec 29 14:58:51 2017 -0500

      Marketo version file

_integration-schemas/marketo/activities.md, after:

---
tap: "marketo"
version: "2.0"

name: "activities_[activity_type]"
doc-link: "http://developers.marketo.com/rest-api/endpoint-reference/lead-database-endpoint-reference/#!/Activities/getLeadActivitiesUsingGET"
singer-schema: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-marketo/blob/master/tap_marketo/schemas/activities.json
description: |
  In [version 1.0 of Stitch's Marketo integration]({{ site.baseurl }}/integrations/saas/{{ integration.name }}-v1), the `activities` table contained all data pertaining to lead activities.

  In this version, you can choose to replicate lead activity data for specific activity types. For every activity type defined in your Marketo account, you'll see an `activities_[activity_type]` table in the {{ app.buttons.tables }} tab. For example: `activities_click_email` contains lead activity data for the `click_email` activity type.

  These tables will contain the fields listed below, along with any fields specific to that activity type.

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
api-method:
  name: "getLeadActivities"
  doc-link: "http://developers.marketo.com/rest-api/endpoint-reference/lead-database-endpoint-reference/#!/Activities/getLeadActivitiesUsingGET"

attributes:
  - name: "marketoGuid"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The ID of the activity."

  - name: "activityDate"
    type: "date-time"
    replication-key: true
    description: "The date of the activity."

  - name: "leadId"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the lead associated with the activity."

  - name: "activityTypeId"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the activity type."

  - name: "primary_attribute_value_id"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the activity's primary attribute."

  - name: "primary_attribute_name"
    type: "string"
    description: "The name of the activity's primary attribute."

  - name: "primary_attribute_value"
    type: "string"
    description: "The value of the activity's primary attribute."

  # - name: "attributes"
  #   type: "array"
  #   description: "Secondary attributes of the activity."
  #   array-attributes:
  #     - name: "name"
  #       type: "string"
  #       description: "The name of the secondary attribute."

  #     - name: "value"
  #       type: "string"
  #       description: "The value of the secondary attribute."
---
