_integration-schemas/marketo/leads.md, before:

---
tap: "marketo"
# version: ""

name: "leads"
doc-link: http://developers.marketo.com/rest-api/endpoint-reference/lead-database-endpoint-reference/#!/Leads/getLeadsByFilterUsingGET
singer-schema:
description: |
  The `leads` table contains info about your {{ integration.display_name }} leads.

notes: 

replication-method: "Incremental"
api-method:
  name: "getLeads"
  doc-link: "http://developers.marketo.com/rest-api/endpoint-reference/lead-database-endpoint-reference/#!/Leads/getLeadsByFilterUsingGET"

attributes:
  - name: "id"
    type: "integer"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The ID of the lead."

  - name: "acquiredBy"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "Indicates if the lead was acquired by the parent program."

  - name: "isExhausted"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "Indicates if the lead is currently exhausted in the stream, if applicable."

  - name: "membershipDate"
    type: "date"
    description: "The date the lead first became a member of the program."

  - name: "nurtureCadence"
    type: "string"
    description: "Cadence of the parent stream, if applicable."

  - name: "progressionStatus"
    type: "string"
    description: "The program status of the lead in the parent program."

  - name: "reachedSuccess"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "Indicates if the the lead is in a success-status in the parent program."

  - name: "reachedSuccessDate"
    type: "string"
    description: "The date the lead reached success in the parent program."

  - name: "stream"
    type: "string"
    description: "The stream that the lead is a member of, if the parent program is an engagement program."
---

Commit message:

Update an old branch to begin new work
  Squashed commit of the everything between the following:

  commit 5b3423485f64cd34d5da410dcacd3eff0f0f865a
  Merge: 2ba4ba4 840483c
  Author: Erin Cochran <erin@stitchdata.com>
  Date:   Wed Jan 16 12:26:42 2019 -0500

      Merge pull request #219 from stitchdata/Typeform/v1

      Typeform/v1

  commit db585d9b2e1a3ae778c51703321bf8e7f009be70
  Author: Erin Cochran <erin@stitchdata.com>
  Date:   Fri Dec 29 14:58:51 2017 -0500

      Marketo version file

_integration-schemas/marketo/leads.md, after:

---
tap: "marketo"
version: "2.0"

name: "leads"
doc-link: http://developers.marketo.com/rest-api/endpoint-reference/lead-database-endpoint-reference/#!/Leads/getLeadsByFilterUsingGET
singer-schema:
description: |
  The `leads` table contains info about your {{ integration.display_name }} leads.

  ### Marketo Corona and Replication Method for Leads

  Stitch replicates leads from Marketo using the Bulk API. The Replication Method for this table will vary depending on your Marketo account setup:

  - **If Corona is enabled**, this table will use Incremental Replication based on an `updatedAt` timestamp included in the API query. 
  - **If Corona isn't enabled**, this table will use Full Table Replication.

  [Read more about Corona](#corona-replication).

replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
api-method:
  name: "getLeads"
  doc-link: "http://developers.marketo.com/rest-api/endpoint-reference/lead-database-endpoint-reference/#!/Leads/getLeadsByFilterUsingGET"

attributes:
  - name: "id"
    type: "integer"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The ID of the lead."

  - name: "updatedAt"
    type: "datetime"
    replication-key: true
    description: "`updatedAt` **is not a field that will display in your destination**. This is an API query parameter used to incrementally replicate this table for accounts that have Corona enabled."

  - name: "acquiredBy"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "Indicates if the lead was acquired by the parent program."

  - name: "isExhausted"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "Indicates if the lead is currently exhausted in the stream, if applicable."

  - name: "membershipDate"
    type: "date"
    description: "The date the lead first became a member of the program."

  - name: "nurtureCadence"
    type: "string"
    description: "Cadence of the parent stream, if applicable."

  - name: "progressionStatus"
    type: "string"
    description: "The program status of the lead in the parent program."

  - name: "reachedSuccess"
    type: "boolean"
    description: "Indicates if the the lead is in a success-status in the parent program."

  - name: "reachedSuccessDate"
    type: "string"
    description: "The date the lead reached success in the parent program."

  - name: "stream"
    type: "string"
    description: "The stream that the lead is a member of, if the parent program is an engagement program."
---
