_saas-integrations/urban-airship/urban-airship-latest.md, before:

---
title: Urban Airship (v1)
permalink: /integrations/saas/urban-airship
keywords: urban airship, integration, schema, etl urban airship, urban airship etl, urban airship schema
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's Urban Airship integration."
layout: singer

key: "urban-airship-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "urban-airship"
display_name: "Urban Airship"

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-urban-airship
status-url: https://twitter.com/urbanairship

this-version: "1"

api: |
  [Airship API version 3](https://docs.airship.com/api/ua/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"

api-type: "platform.urban-airship"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **To verify your {{ integration.display_name }} API access.** {{ integration.display_name }} limits API access based on their product plans, meaning some plans have access while others do not.

      If you create an {{ integration.display_name }} integration and Stitch displays a `401 Unauthorized` or `403 Forbidden` error, you may not have access to {{ integration.display_name }}'s API.

requirements-info: "We recommend reaching out to {{ integration.display_name }} support to confirm your API access level before beginning the setup in Stitch."

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} app credentials"
    anchor: "retrieve-app-creds"
    content: |
      {% include note.html content="**Connect Multiple Urban Airship Apps**<br>If you want to connect multiple Urban Airship apps to Stitch, you will need to create a separate Urban Airship integration for each app. App credentials are app-specific, meaning only a single app can be connected per Stitch integration." %}

      1. Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account.
      2. In the dashboard, open the app you want to connect to Stitch.
      3. If the Engage tab doesn't open, click **Engage** at the top to open it.
      4. Click the **gear icon** located near **Reports**, then select **APIs & Integrations**.
      5. The APIs & Integrations page will display.

      Leave this page open for now - you'll need it to complete the setup.

  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **App Key** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} App Key.
      5. In the **App Secret** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} App Secret.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#        Table Schemas       #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/urban-airship
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_saas-integrations/urban-airship/urban-airship-latest.md, after:

---
title: Urban Airship (v1)
permalink: /integrations/saas/urban-airship
keywords: urban airship, integration, schema, etl urban airship, urban airship etl, urban airship schema
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's Urban Airship integration."
layout: singer

key: "urban-airship-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "urban-airship"
display_name: "Urban Airship"

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-urban-airship
status-url: https://twitter.com/urbanairship

this-version: "1"

api: |
  [Airship API version 3](https://docs.airship.com/api/ua/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"

api-type: "platform.urban-airship"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **To verify your {{ integration.display_name }} API access.** {{ integration.display_name }} limits API access based on their product plans, meaning some plans have access while others do not.

      If you create an {{ integration.display_name }} integration and Stitch displays a `401 Unauthorized` or `403 Forbidden` error, you may not have access to {{ integration.display_name }}'s API.

requirements-info: "We recommend reaching out to {{ integration.display_name }} support to confirm your API access level before beginning the setup in Stitch."

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} app credentials"
    anchor: "retrieve-app-creds"
    content: |
      {% include note.html content="**Connect Multiple Urban Airship Apps**<br>If you want to connect multiple Urban Airship apps to Stitch, you will need to create a separate Urban Airship integration for each app. App credentials are app-specific, meaning only a single app can be connected per Stitch integration." %}

      1. Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account.
      2. In the dashboard, open the app you want to connect to Stitch.
      3. If the Engage tab doesn't open, click **Engage** at the top to open it.
      4. Click the **gear icon** located near **Reports**, then select **APIs & Integrations**.
      5. The APIs & Integrations page will display.

      Leave this page open for now - you'll need it to complete the setup.

  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **App Key** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} App Key.
      5. In the **App Secret** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} App Secret.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#        Table Schemas       #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/urban-airship
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
