_database-integrations/mysql/azure/microsoft-azure-mysql-v1.md, before:

---
title: Microsoft Azure MySQL (v1)
keywords: microsoft azure, azure, database integration, etl azure, azure etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/microsoft-azure-mysql
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Microsoft Azure SQL database using Stitch's Microsoft Azure MySQL integration."
show-in-menus: true

key: "microsoft-azure-mysql-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "microsoft-azure-mysql"
display_name: "Microsoft Azure MySQL"

connection-type: "integration"
hosting-type: "microsoft-azure"

this-version: "1"

driver: |
  [PyMySQL 0.9.3](https://pymysql.readthedocs.io/en/latest/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql
certified: true

tap-name: "MySQL"

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 3306
db-type: "mysql"

## Stitch features
api-type: "platform.mysql"
ssh: true
ssl: true

setup-name: "MySQL"

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "5.6.2"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true
log-based-replication-read-replica: true

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **The `CREATE USER` or `INSERT` privilege (for the `mysql` database).** The [`CREATE USER` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/create-user.html){:target="new"} is required to create a database user for Stitch.
  - item: |
      **The `GRANT OPTION` privilege in {{ integration.display_name }}.** The [`GRANT OPTION` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/privileges-provided.html#priv_grant-option){:target="new"} is required to grant the necessary privileges to the Stitch database user.
  - item: |
      **If using Log-based Incremental Replication:**, you'll need:

      1. Privileges in Microsoft Azure that allow you to modify server parameters.
      2. A master server that adheres to [Microsoft's requirements](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/mysql/concepts-data-in-replication#requirements){:target="new"}.
      3. A MySQL database running MySQL version {{ integration.log-based-replication-minimum-version }} or newer.


# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Configure Log-based Incremental Replication"
    anchor: "configure-log-based-incremental-replication"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#db-user)." %}

      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}
    substeps:
      - title: "Configure server settings"
        anchor: "configure-database-server-settings"
        content: |
          {% capture server-instructions %}
          1. In your **Azure portal**, locate and open the **Azure Database for MySQL** database you want to connect to Stitch.
          2. Click **Settings > Server Parameters**.
          3. Define the following server settings:

          {% assign server-settings = site.data.taps.extraction.database-setup.server-settings.mysql.microsoft-azure-mysql %}

          {% for setting in server-settings %}
             - `{{ setting.name }}` - `{{ setting.value }}`
          {% endfor %}

             Refer to the **Server settings list** tab for more info about these settings.

          4. Click **Save** when finished.
          5. When finished, restart your MySQL server to ensure the changes take effect.
          {% endcapture %}
          
          {% include integrations/templates/configure-server-settings.html %}
          
      - title: "Retrieve server IDs"
        anchor: "server-id"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mysql-server-id.html %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "db-user"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: You must have the `CREATE USER` and `GRANT OPTION` privileges to complete this step." %} 

      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch:

      {% for substep in step.substeps %}
      - [Step 4.{{ forloop.index }}: {{ substep.title | flatify }}](#{{ substep.anchor }})
      {% endfor %}

    substeps:
      - title: "Locate {{ destination.display_name }} connection details"
        anchor: "locate-connection-details"
        content: |
          In this step, you'll retrieve the server address for the {{ integration.display_name }} you want to connect to Stitch. 
          
          This is the value you'll enter in the **Host** field in Stitch in the next step.

          {% include shared/connection-details/microsoft-azure.html %}

      - title: "Define the database connection details"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" ssl-fields=true %}

      - title: "Define the Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-default-replication-method"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

      - title: "Save the integration"
        anchor: "save-integration"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="finish-up" %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_database-integrations/mysql/azure/microsoft-azure-mysql-v1.md, after:

---
title: Microsoft Azure MySQL (v1)
keywords: microsoft azure, azure, database integration, etl azure, azure etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/microsoft-azure-mysql
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Microsoft Azure SQL database using Stitch's Microsoft Azure MySQL integration."
show-in-menus: true

key: "microsoft-azure-mysql-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "microsoft-azure-mysql"
display_name: "Microsoft Azure MySQL"

connection-type: "integration"
hosting-type: "microsoft-azure"

this-version: "1"

driver: |
  [PyMySQL 0.9.3](https://pymysql.readthedocs.io/en/latest/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql
certified: true

tap-name: "MySQL"

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 3306
db-type: "mysql"

## Stitch features
api-type: "platform.mysql"
ssh: true
ssl: true

setup-name: "MySQL"

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
select-all: "sometimes"
select-all-reason: "Log-based Incremental Replication must be enabled and set as the default Replication Method to use the Select All feature."

table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "5.6.2"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true
log-based-replication-read-replica: true

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **The `CREATE USER` or `INSERT` privilege (for the `mysql` database).** The [`CREATE USER` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/create-user.html){:target="new"} is required to create a database user for Stitch.
  - item: |
      **The `GRANT OPTION` privilege in {{ integration.display_name }}.** The [`GRANT OPTION` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/privileges-provided.html#priv_grant-option){:target="new"} is required to grant the necessary privileges to the Stitch database user.
  - item: |
      **If using Log-based Incremental Replication:**, you'll need:

      1. Privileges in Microsoft Azure that allow you to modify server parameters.
      2. A master server that adheres to [Microsoft's requirements](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/mysql/concepts-data-in-replication#requirements){:target="new"}.
      3. A MySQL database running MySQL version {{ integration.log-based-replication-minimum-version }} or newer.


# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Configure Log-based Incremental Replication"
    anchor: "configure-log-based-incremental-replication"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#db-user)." %}

      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}
    substeps:
      - title: "Configure server settings"
        anchor: "configure-database-server-settings"
        content: |
          {% capture server-instructions %}
          1. In your **Azure portal**, locate and open the **Azure Database for MySQL** database you want to connect to Stitch.
          2. Click **Settings > Server Parameters**.
          3. Define the following server settings:

          {% assign server-settings = site.data.taps.extraction.database-setup.server-settings.mysql.microsoft-azure-mysql %}

          {% for setting in server-settings %}
             - `{{ setting.name }}` - `{{ setting.value }}`
          {% endfor %}

             Refer to the **Server settings list** tab for more info about these settings.

          4. Click **Save** when finished.
          5. When finished, restart your MySQL server to ensure the changes take effect.
          {% endcapture %}
          
          {% include integrations/templates/configure-server-settings.html %}
          
      - title: "Retrieve server IDs"
        anchor: "server-id"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mysql-server-id.html %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "db-user"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: You must have the `CREATE USER` and `GRANT OPTION` privileges to complete this step." %} 

      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch:

      {% for substep in step.substeps %}
      - [Step 4.{{ forloop.index }}: {{ substep.title | flatify }}](#{{ substep.anchor }})
      {% endfor %}

    substeps:
      - title: "Locate {{ destination.display_name }} connection details"
        anchor: "locate-connection-details"
        content: |
          In this step, you'll retrieve the server address for the {{ integration.display_name }} you want to connect to Stitch. 
          
          This is the value you'll enter in the **Host** field in Stitch in the next step.

          {% include shared/connection-details/microsoft-azure.html %}

      - title: "Define the database connection details"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" ssl-fields=true %}

      - title: "Define the Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-default-replication-method"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

      - title: "Save the integration"
        anchor: "save-integration"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="finish-up" %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
