_saas-integrations/google-analytics-adwords/v15-10-2015/google-analytics-adwords-v15-10-2015.md, before:

---
title: Google Analytics (AdWords)
permalink: /integrations/saas/google-analytics-adwords/v15-10-2015
redirect_from: 
  - /integrations/saas/google-adwords-old
  - /integrations/saas/google-adwords-new
  - /integrations/saas/google-analytics-adwords-v15-10-2015
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: google adwords, integration, schema, etl google adwords, google adwords etl, google adwords schema
summary: |
  Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Google AdWords (Analytics) integration.

  This integration has been deprecated.
layout: singer

key: "google-analytics-adwords-setup"

input: false ## Removes integration from displaying on category pages

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "google-analytics-adwords"
display_name: "Google Analytics (AdWords)"

status-url: "https://www.google.com/appsstatus#hl=en&v=status"

this-version: "15-10-2015"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true

historical: "15 days"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

anchor-scheduling: false
cron-scheduling: false

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Querying Details      #
# -------------------------- #

## AdWords's default attribution window. Stitch queries for
## this number of days during each replication job to
## account for any updates to existing records made during 
## this time.

replication-notes: true
attribution-window: "15 days"

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**At least Read & Analyze permissions in the account you want to connect to Stitch**. [See Google's documentation for more info](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2884495?hl=en)."
  - item: "**To have recent data in the account you want to connect to Stitch.** Verify that there is data from the past 30 days in the account before continuing."
  - item: "**To link your AdWords and Google Analytics profiles.** [See Google's documentation for instructions](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1033961?hl=en)."
  - item: "**To pause any ad-blocking software**. Ad blockers can interfere with pop-ups, which are used in Google authorization and may prevent authorization from successfully completing."


setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch & Select a {{ integration.display_name }} profile"
    anchor: "auth-select-ga-profiles"
    content: |
      1. Next, you’ll be prompted to log into your Google account and to approve Stitch’s access to your Google AdWords data. **Note that we will only ever read your data.**
      2. Click **Allow** to continue.
      3. After your credentials are validated, you’ll be prompted to select the Google Analytics profile you want to connect to Stitch:

         ![Selecting a Google Analytics profile.]({{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/ga-select-profiles.png)

         **Remember: profiles need to have Read & Analyze permissions to be detected by Stitch.** If you don’t see the profile you want in this list, we recommend that you double-check the permission settings.
      4. When finished, click **Continue** to save the integration.

replication-sections:
  - title: "attribution window"


schema-sections:
  - title: 
    content: |
      After the first successful sync of your {{ integration.display_name }} data, you'll see two tables in your destination. These tables follow this naming convention:

      `adwords[GA profile id]_integration version`

      For example: `adwords123456789_v2`. In this case, the profile ID is `123456789` and the version of the AdWords integration is `2`.

      In the section below, you'll find a list of the attributes in these tables, a brief description, and links to Google's more in-depth documentation.

  - title: "Campaign Names and Primary Keys"
    anchor: "campaign-names-primary-keys"
    content: |
      Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration uses the campaign name (`campaign`) as part of the Primary Key for both the `adwords` and `campaign` tables. Because of this, **changing campaign names may lead to data discrepancies**.

      To account for the name change and resolve any data discrepancies, take the following steps:

      1. **Delete the affected AdWords data from your destination**. Feel free to delete the data back to the date of the earliest campaign which was renamed.
      2. **Re-replicate your AdWords data by [following these instructions]({{ link.replication.saas-historical | prepend: site.baseurl | append: "#after-the-initial-setup" }})**, setting the start date back to the date of the earliest campaign which was renamed. This will reset the integration's Replication Keys and re-replicate all data back to the integration's defined Start Date.

# -------------------------- #
#        Table Schemas       #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/google-adwords

---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}


{% include integrations/saas/ga-not-set.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_saas-integrations/google-analytics-adwords/v15-10-2015/google-analytics-adwords-v15-10-2015.md, after:

---
title: Google Analytics (AdWords)
permalink: /integrations/saas/google-analytics-adwords/v15-10-2015
redirect_from: 
  - /integrations/saas/google-adwords-old
  - /integrations/saas/google-adwords-new
  - /integrations/saas/google-analytics-adwords-v15-10-2015
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: google adwords, integration, schema, etl google adwords, google adwords etl, google adwords schema
summary: |
  Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Google AdWords (Analytics) integration.

  This integration has been deprecated.
layout: singer

key: "google-analytics-adwords-setup"

input: false ## Removes integration from displaying on category pages

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "google-analytics-adwords"
display_name: "Google Analytics (AdWords)"

status-url: "https://www.google.com/appsstatus#hl=en&v=status"

this-version: "15-10-2015"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true

historical: "15 days"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"

table-selection: false
column-selection: false
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.

anchor-scheduling: false
cron-scheduling: false

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Querying Details      #
# -------------------------- #

## AdWords's default attribution window. Stitch queries for
## this number of days during each replication job to
## account for any updates to existing records made during 
## this time.

replication-notes: true
attribution-window: "15 days"

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**At least Read & Analyze permissions in the account you want to connect to Stitch**. [See Google's documentation for more info](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2884495?hl=en)."
  - item: "**To have recent data in the account you want to connect to Stitch.** Verify that there is data from the past 30 days in the account before continuing."
  - item: "**To link your AdWords and Google Analytics profiles.** [See Google's documentation for instructions](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1033961?hl=en)."
  - item: "**To pause any ad-blocking software**. Ad blockers can interfere with pop-ups, which are used in Google authorization and may prevent authorization from successfully completing."


setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch & Select a {{ integration.display_name }} profile"
    anchor: "auth-select-ga-profiles"
    content: |
      1. Next, you’ll be prompted to log into your Google account and to approve Stitch’s access to your Google AdWords data. **Note that we will only ever read your data.**
      2. Click **Allow** to continue.
      3. After your credentials are validated, you’ll be prompted to select the Google Analytics profile you want to connect to Stitch:

         ![Selecting a Google Analytics profile.]({{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/ga-select-profiles.png)

         **Remember: profiles need to have Read & Analyze permissions to be detected by Stitch.** If you don’t see the profile you want in this list, we recommend that you double-check the permission settings.
      4. When finished, click **Continue** to save the integration.

replication-sections:
  - title: "attribution window"


schema-sections:
  - title: 
    content: |
      After the first successful sync of your {{ integration.display_name }} data, you'll see two tables in your destination. These tables follow this naming convention:

      `adwords[GA profile id]_integration version`

      For example: `adwords123456789_v2`. In this case, the profile ID is `123456789` and the version of the AdWords integration is `2`.

      In the section below, you'll find a list of the attributes in these tables, a brief description, and links to Google's more in-depth documentation.

  - title: "Campaign Names and Primary Keys"
    anchor: "campaign-names-primary-keys"
    content: |
      Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration uses the campaign name (`campaign`) as part of the Primary Key for both the `adwords` and `campaign` tables. Because of this, **changing campaign names may lead to data discrepancies**.

      To account for the name change and resolve any data discrepancies, take the following steps:

      1. **Delete the affected AdWords data from your destination**. Feel free to delete the data back to the date of the earliest campaign which was renamed.
      2. **Re-replicate your AdWords data by [following these instructions]({{ link.replication.saas-historical | prepend: site.baseurl | append: "#after-the-initial-setup" }})**, setting the start date back to the date of the earliest campaign which was renamed. This will reset the integration's Replication Keys and re-replicate all data back to the integration's defined Start Date.

# -------------------------- #
#        Table Schemas       #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/google-adwords

---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}


{% include integrations/saas/ga-not-set.html %}
