_saas-integrations/revinate/v1/revinate-v1.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#     USING THIS TEMPLATE    #
# -------------------------- #

## NEED HELP USING THIS TEMPLATE? SEE:
## https://docs-about-stitch-docs.netlify.com/reference/integration-templates/saas/
## FOR INSTRUCTIONS & REFERENCE INFO


# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Revinate (v1)
permalink: /integrations/saas/revinate
keywords: revinate, integration, schema, etl revinate, revinate etl, revinate schema
summary: "Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Revinate integration."
layout: singer
# input: false

key: "revinate-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "revinate"
display_name: "Revinate"

singer: true 
tap-name: "Revinate"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-revinate

this-version: "1"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} Porter API](https://porter.revinate.com/documentation){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false 

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Standard"

api-type: "platform.revinate"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

attribution-window: "1 week"

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **A {{ integration.display_name }} account with API access.** Reach out to your {{ integration.display_name }} sales representative or account manager to obtain the correct permissions.
  - item: |
      **A {{ integration.display_name }} API token and secret**. To obtain these credentials, reach out to your {{ integration.display_name }} sales representative or account manager.

setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **Username** field, enter your {{ integration.display_name }} username.
      5. In the **API Key** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} API key. Your {{ integration.display_name }} API token must be obtained through [your {{ integration.display_name }} sales representative or account manager](#setup-requirements).
      6. In the **API Secret** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} API secret. Your {{ integration.display_name }} API secret must be obtained through [your {{ integration.display_name }} sales representative or account manager](#setup-requirements).
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#      Replication Info      #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - title: "Extraction overview"
    anchor: "extraction-overview"
    content: |
      When Stitch runs a replication job for {{ integration.display_name }}, a few things will happen:

      1. First, Stitch will get all the hotels that the [authenticating user](#add-stitch-data-source) has access to.
      2. Stitch will [replicate review snapshot data](#replicate-review-snapshots) (`hotel_reviews_snapshot`, `hotel_reviews_snapshot_by_site`, `hotel_reviews_snapshot_by_time`) for the hotel.
      3. Stitch will replicate data about the hotel (`hotels`).
      3. Stitch will repeat steps 2-3 until review snapshot and hotel data has been replicated for all accessible hotels.
      4. Stitch will replicate review data (`reviews`) based on the last saved `updated_at` value, which is the table's Replication Key.

  - title: "Replicating review snapshots"
    anchor: "replicate-review-snapshots"
    content: |
      When Stitch extracts review snapshot data, it will do so using an **Attribution Window** of **{{ integration.attribution-window }}**. This means that during each replication job, Stitch will replicate snapshot data for that last completed week. For example: If the integration is scheduled to run every 30 minutes, then snapshot data for the last week will be replicated every 30 minutes.

      This is applicable to the `hotel_reviews_snapshot`, `hotel_reviews_snapshot_by_site`, and `hotel_reviews_snapshot_by_time` tables.

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/revinate
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_saas-integrations/revinate/v1/revinate-v1.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#     USING THIS TEMPLATE    #
# -------------------------- #

## NEED HELP USING THIS TEMPLATE? SEE:
## https://docs-about-stitch-docs.netlify.com/reference/integration-templates/saas/
## FOR INSTRUCTIONS & REFERENCE INFO


# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Revinate (v1)
permalink: /integrations/saas/revinate
keywords: revinate, integration, schema, etl revinate, revinate etl, revinate schema
summary: "Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Revinate integration."
layout: singer
# input: false

key: "revinate-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "revinate"
display_name: "Revinate"

singer: true 
tap-name: "Revinate"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-revinate

this-version: "1"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} Porter API](https://porter.revinate.com/documentation){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false 

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Standard"

api-type: "platform.revinate"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.

attribution-window: "1 week"

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **A {{ integration.display_name }} account with API access.** Reach out to your {{ integration.display_name }} sales representative or account manager to obtain the correct permissions.
  - item: |
      **A {{ integration.display_name }} API token and secret**. To obtain these credentials, reach out to your {{ integration.display_name }} sales representative or account manager.

setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **Username** field, enter your {{ integration.display_name }} username.
      5. In the **API Key** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} API key. Your {{ integration.display_name }} API token must be obtained through [your {{ integration.display_name }} sales representative or account manager](#setup-requirements).
      6. In the **API Secret** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} API secret. Your {{ integration.display_name }} API secret must be obtained through [your {{ integration.display_name }} sales representative or account manager](#setup-requirements).
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#      Replication Info      #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - title: "Extraction overview"
    anchor: "extraction-overview"
    content: |
      When Stitch runs a replication job for {{ integration.display_name }}, a few things will happen:

      1. First, Stitch will get all the hotels that the [authenticating user](#add-stitch-data-source) has access to.
      2. Stitch will [replicate review snapshot data](#replicate-review-snapshots) (`hotel_reviews_snapshot`, `hotel_reviews_snapshot_by_site`, `hotel_reviews_snapshot_by_time`) for the hotel.
      3. Stitch will replicate data about the hotel (`hotels`).
      3. Stitch will repeat steps 2-3 until review snapshot and hotel data has been replicated for all accessible hotels.
      4. Stitch will replicate review data (`reviews`) based on the last saved `updated_at` value, which is the table's Replication Key.

  - title: "Replicating review snapshots"
    anchor: "replicate-review-snapshots"
    content: |
      When Stitch extracts review snapshot data, it will do so using an **Attribution Window** of **{{ integration.attribution-window }}**. This means that during each replication job, Stitch will replicate snapshot data for that last completed week. For example: If the integration is scheduled to run every 30 minutes, then snapshot data for the last week will be replicated every 30 minutes.

      This is applicable to the `hotel_reviews_snapshot`, `hotel_reviews_snapshot_by_site`, and `hotel_reviews_snapshot_by_time` tables.

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/revinate
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
