_database-integrations/mssql/azure/v1/microsoft-azure-v1.md, before:

---
title: Microsoft Azure SQL Database (v1)
keywords: microsoft azure, azure, database integration, etl azure, azure etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/microsoft-azure/v1
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Microsoft Azure SQL database using Stitch's Microsoft Azure integration."
show-in-menus: false

key: "microsoft-azure-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "microsoft-azure"
display_name: "Microsoft Azure SQL Database"

hosting-type: "microsoft-azure"

this-version: "1"

driver: "7.2.1.jre8"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mssql
certified: true

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 1433
db-type: "mssql"

## Stitch features
api-type: "platform.mssql"
ssh: true
ssl: true

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "n/a"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true
log-based-replication-read-replica: false

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**Privileges in {{ integration.display_name }} that allow you to create/manage users.** This is required to create the Stitch database user."
  - item: |
      **If using Log-based Incremental Replication**, you'll need the `ALTER DATABASE` privilege in {{ integration.display_name }}. This is required to complete the setup for Log-based Incremental Replication.

# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Enable Log-based Incremental Replication with Change Tracking"
    anchor: "enable-log-based-incremental-change-tracking"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#db-user)." %}
      
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}

      {% for substep in step.substeps %}
      - [Step 2.{{ forloop.index }}: {{ substep.title }}](#{{ substep.anchor }})
      {% endfor %}

    substeps:
      - title: "Verify database compatibility"
        anchor: "verify-database-compatibility"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="verify-compatibility" %}

      - title: "Enable change tracking for the database"
        anchor: "enable-database-change-tracking"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="enable-database" %}

      - title: "Enable change tracking for tables"
        anchor: "enable-table-change-tracking"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="enable-table" %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "create-a-database-user"
    content: |
      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Define the database connection details"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" %}
      
      - title: "Define Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-log-based-replication-setting"
        content: |
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-replication-schedule)." %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_database-integrations/mssql/azure/v1/microsoft-azure-v1.md, after:

---
title: Microsoft Azure SQL Database (v1)
keywords: microsoft azure, azure, database integration, etl azure, azure etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/microsoft-azure/v1
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Microsoft Azure SQL database using Stitch's Microsoft Azure integration."
show-in-menus: false

key: "microsoft-azure-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "microsoft-azure"
display_name: "Microsoft Azure SQL Database"

hosting-type: "microsoft-azure"

this-version: "1"

driver: "7.2.1.jre8"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mssql
certified: true

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 1433
db-type: "mssql"

## Stitch features
api-type: "platform.mssql"
ssh: true
ssl: true

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
select-all: "sometimes"
select-all-reason: "Log-based Incremental Replication must be enabled and set as the default Replication Method to use the Select All feature."

table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "n/a"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true
log-based-replication-read-replica: false

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**Privileges in {{ integration.display_name }} that allow you to create/manage users.** This is required to create the Stitch database user."
  - item: |
      **If using Log-based Incremental Replication**, you'll need the `ALTER DATABASE` privilege in {{ integration.display_name }}. This is required to complete the setup for Log-based Incremental Replication.

# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Enable Log-based Incremental Replication with Change Tracking"
    anchor: "enable-log-based-incremental-change-tracking"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#db-user)." %}
      
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}

      {% for substep in step.substeps %}
      - [Step 2.{{ forloop.index }}: {{ substep.title }}](#{{ substep.anchor }})
      {% endfor %}

    substeps:
      - title: "Verify database compatibility"
        anchor: "verify-database-compatibility"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="verify-compatibility" %}

      - title: "Enable change tracking for the database"
        anchor: "enable-database-change-tracking"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="enable-database" %}

      - title: "Enable change tracking for tables"
        anchor: "enable-table-change-tracking"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="enable-table" %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "create-a-database-user"
    content: |
      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Define the database connection details"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" %}
      
      - title: "Define Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-log-based-replication-setting"
        content: |
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-replication-schedule)." %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
