_connect-files/api/objects/form-properties/sources/saas/fullstory-object.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#        CONTENT TYPE        #
# -------------------------- #

content-type: "api-form"
form-type: "source"
key: "source-form-properties-fullstory-object"


# -------------------------- #
#        OBJECT INFO         #
# -------------------------- #

title: "FullStory Source Form Property"
api-type: "platform.fullstory"
display-name: "FullStory"

source-type: "saas"
docs-name: "fullstory"

description: |
  **Note**: To use this integration, the user must have a FullStory account with the [FullStory Data Export Pack add-on](https://help.fullstory.com/technical-questions/data-export). This is a paid addition that allows users to export raw event data, and is required to use FullStory's Data Export REST API.


# -------------------------- #
#      OBJECT ATTRIBUTES     #
# -------------------------- #

object-attributes:
  - name: "api_key"
    type: "string"
    required: true
    description: |
      A FullStory API key, used to authenticate to FullStory's Data Export API.
    value: "<API_KEY>"
---

Commit message:

Fix display of start_date for Connect (#346)
* Add base docs and setup guide

* Add version file

* Add to Connect

* First pass at schemas

* Fix typo

* Add replication methods and keys

Based on this from the tap’s developer:

```
- lists - full replication
- list_members - date filtered - last modified
- list_segments - full replication
- list segment_members - full replication
- campaigns - full replication
- unsubscribes - full replication
- automations - full replication
- reports_email_activity - date filtered - datetime of activity

Most are full replication because we fetch nested children or filtering
wasn't available
```

* Add more to descriptions

* Add `uses-start-date` to form properties

This controls whether the `start_date` attribute is included in the
source form property.

* Add `uses-start-date` to form property templates

* Update form property attribute logic to use `uses-start-date`

This makes it easier to include the start_date property. It also fixes
an issue where this property wasn’t displaying for form properties that
didn’t have specific attributes.

_connect-files/api/objects/form-properties/sources/saas/fullstory-object.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#        CONTENT TYPE        #
# -------------------------- #

content-type: "api-form"
form-type: "source"
key: "source-form-properties-fullstory-object"


# -------------------------- #
#        OBJECT INFO         #
# -------------------------- #

title: "FullStory Source Form Property"
api-type: "platform.fullstory"
display-name: "FullStory"

source-type: "saas"
docs-name: "fullstory"

description: |
  **Note**: To use this integration, the user must have a {{ form-property.display-name }} account with the [{{ form-property.display-name }} Data Export Pack add-on](https://help.fullstory.com/technical-questions/data-export). This is a paid addition that allows users to export raw event data, and is required to use {{ form-property.display-name }}'s Data Export REST API.


# -------------------------- #
#      OBJECT ATTRIBUTES     #
# -------------------------- #

uses-start-date: true

object-attributes:
  - name: "api_key"
    type: "string"
    required: true
    description: |
      A {{ form-property.display-name }} API key, used to authenticate to {{ form-property.display-name }}'s Data Export API.
    value: "<API_KEY>"
---
