_saas-integrations/adroll/v20-07-2017/adroll-v20-07-2017.md, before:

---
title: AdRoll (v20-07-2020)
permalink: /integrations/saas/adroll/v20-07-2020
keywords: adroll, integration, schema, etl adroll, adroll etl, adroll schema, ad roll
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's AdRoll integration."
layout: singer
old-schema-template: true
input: false

key: "adroll-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "adroll"
display_name: "AdRoll"
singer: false
status-url: "http://status.adroll.com/"

this-version: "20-07-2017"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} CRUD API](https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/index.html){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true

frequency: "30 minutes"
historical: "1 year"
tier: "Standard"

anchor-scheduling: false
cron-scheduling: false

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

tables:
## Ad Groups
  - name: "adroll_ad_groups"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-advertisable-get_adgroups
    description: "info about the adgroups contained within the campaigns of your {{ integration.display_name }} account."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: Adgroup ID (<code>eid</code>)
      - name: Ad info<code>*</code>
      - name: ad_optimization
      - name: campaign
      - name: created_date
      - name: flight_timezone
      - name: name
      - name: Segment info<code>*</code>
      - name: space_optimization
      - name: status
      - name: type
      - name: updated_date

## Ad Reports
  - name: "adroll_ad_reports"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-report-ad
    description: "ad-level reporting data."
    notes: "Each row in this table contains totals for the ad, by date."
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: Ad ID (<code>eid</code>)
      - name: ad
      - name: ad_size
      - name: adjusted_click_through_ratio
      - name: adjusted_cpa
      - name: adjusted_cpa_usd
      - name: adjusted_ctc
      - name: adjusted_total_conversion_rate
      - name: adjusted_total_conversions
      - name: adjusted_view_through_ratio
      - name: adjusted_vtc
      - name: advertiser
      - name: click_cpa
      - name: click_cpa_usd
      - name: click_through_conversions
      - name: click_through_ratio
      - name: clicks
      - name: cost
      - name: cost_usd
      - name: cpa
      - name: cpa_usd
      - name: cpc
      - name: cpc_usd
      - name: cpm
      - name: cpm_usd
      - name: created_date
      - name: ctr
      - name: date
      - name: height
      - name: impressions
      - name: paid_impressions
      - name: prospects
      - name: status
      - name: total_conversion_rate
      - name: total_conversions
      - name: type
      - name: view_through_conversions
      - name: view_through_ratio
      - name: width

## Ads
  - name: "adroll_ads"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-advertisable-get_ads
    description: "about the ads, or creatives, associated with the advertisables in your account."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: Ad ID (<code>eid</code>)
      - name: ad_format
      - name: ad_format_id
      - name: ad_format_name
      - name: Ad Group info<code>*</code>
      - name: advertisable
      - name: call_to_action
      - name: created_date
      - name: destination_url
      - name: has_edits
      - name: has_future_campaigns
      - name: has_pending_edits
      - name: height
      - name: inventory_type
      - name: is_active
      - name: is_fb_dynamic
      - name: is_outlined
      - name: name
      - name: original_ad
      - name: outline_color
      - name: src
      - name: status
      - name: type
      - name: updated_date
      - name: valid_clicktag
      - name: width

## Advertisables
  - name: "adroll_advertisables"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-advertisable-get
    description: "about the advertisables (typically the parent object for a brand) in your {{ integration.display_name }} account."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: Advertisable ID (<code>id</code>)
      - name: is_active
      - name: name
      - name: organization
      - name: status
      - name: url
      - name: product_name
      - name: click_through_conversion_window
      - name: view_through_conversion_window
      - name: created_date
      - name: updated_date
      - name: attached_users<code>*</code>
      - name: blacklisted_sites
      - name: enable_customer_multi_dur_segs
      - name: is_coop_approved
      - name: is_publisher
      - name: cm_networks
      - name: iab1_category_id
      - name: iab1_category_name
      - name: iab2_category_id
      - name: iab2_category_iname
      - name: zvelo_category_id
      - name: zvelo_category_name
      - name: approval_state
      - name: has_privacy_policy
      - name: ops
      - name: optimizer
      - name: saleser
      - name: liquidads

## Campaigns
  - name: "adroll_campaigns"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-advertisable-get_campaigns
    description: "about the advertising campaigns in your account."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: Campaign ID (<code>eid</code>)
      - name: adgroups<code>*</code>
      - name: advertisable
      - name: budget
      - name: ui_budget_daily
      - name: created_date
      - name: cpc
      - name: cpm
      - name: end_date
      - name: is_active
      - name: is_facebook
      - name: is_fbx_newsfeed
      - name: is_retargeting
      - name: is_fb_wca
      - name: is_apple
      - name: max_cpm
      - name: name
      - name: promotion
      - name: pricing_strategies
      - name: start_date
      - name: status
      - name: updated_date
      - name: is_coop
      - name: is_pubgraph
      - name: spend_limit_until
      - name: created_date
      - name: updated_date

## Segments
  - name: "adroll_segments"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-advertisable-get_segments
    description: "about segments, or the lists of users that visit your site."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: Segment ID (<code>eid</code>)
      - name: display_name
      - name: name
      - name: type
      - name: match_method
      - name: pattern
      - name: threshold
      - name: duration
      - name: conversion_value
      - name: group
      - name: mobile

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Create an {{ integration.display_name }} User for Stitch"
    anchor: "create-adroll-user"
    content: |
      While you can use your own credentials to connect {{ integration.display_name }} to Stitch, we recommend creating a separate user for us. This will make it easier for you to manage users and audit events in your {{ integration.display_name }} account.

      **We require a General User role** - which is the default - to be able to replicate your {{ integration.display_name }} data. Note that Stitch does not need billing access. If you need help creating an {{ integration.display_name }} user, you can find instructions here in {{ integration.display_name }}’s support docs.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. Enter the email address and username for the Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} user.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_saas-integrations/adroll/v20-07-2017/adroll-v20-07-2017.md, after:

---
title: AdRoll (v20-07-2020)
permalink: /integrations/saas/adroll/v20-07-2020
keywords: adroll, integration, schema, etl adroll, adroll etl, adroll schema, ad roll
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's AdRoll integration."
layout: singer
old-schema-template: true
input: false

key: "adroll-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "adroll"
display_name: "AdRoll"
singer: false
status-url: "http://status.adroll.com/"

this-version: "20-07-2017"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} CRUD API](https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/index.html){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true

frequency: "30 minutes"
historical: "1 year"
tier: "Standard"

anchor-scheduling: false
cron-scheduling: false

table-selection: false
column-selection: false
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

tables:
## Ad Groups
  - name: "adroll_ad_groups"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-advertisable-get_adgroups
    description: "info about the adgroups contained within the campaigns of your {{ integration.display_name }} account."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: Adgroup ID (<code>eid</code>)
      - name: Ad info<code>*</code>
      - name: ad_optimization
      - name: campaign
      - name: created_date
      - name: flight_timezone
      - name: name
      - name: Segment info<code>*</code>
      - name: space_optimization
      - name: status
      - name: type
      - name: updated_date

## Ad Reports
  - name: "adroll_ad_reports"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-report-ad
    description: "ad-level reporting data."
    notes: "Each row in this table contains totals for the ad, by date."
    replication-method: "Key-based Incremental"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: Ad ID (<code>eid</code>)
      - name: ad
      - name: ad_size
      - name: adjusted_click_through_ratio
      - name: adjusted_cpa
      - name: adjusted_cpa_usd
      - name: adjusted_ctc
      - name: adjusted_total_conversion_rate
      - name: adjusted_total_conversions
      - name: adjusted_view_through_ratio
      - name: adjusted_vtc
      - name: advertiser
      - name: click_cpa
      - name: click_cpa_usd
      - name: click_through_conversions
      - name: click_through_ratio
      - name: clicks
      - name: cost
      - name: cost_usd
      - name: cpa
      - name: cpa_usd
      - name: cpc
      - name: cpc_usd
      - name: cpm
      - name: cpm_usd
      - name: created_date
      - name: ctr
      - name: date
      - name: height
      - name: impressions
      - name: paid_impressions
      - name: prospects
      - name: status
      - name: total_conversion_rate
      - name: total_conversions
      - name: type
      - name: view_through_conversions
      - name: view_through_ratio
      - name: width

## Ads
  - name: "adroll_ads"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-advertisable-get_ads
    description: "about the ads, or creatives, associated with the advertisables in your account."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: Ad ID (<code>eid</code>)
      - name: ad_format
      - name: ad_format_id
      - name: ad_format_name
      - name: Ad Group info<code>*</code>
      - name: advertisable
      - name: call_to_action
      - name: created_date
      - name: destination_url
      - name: has_edits
      - name: has_future_campaigns
      - name: has_pending_edits
      - name: height
      - name: inventory_type
      - name: is_active
      - name: is_fb_dynamic
      - name: is_outlined
      - name: name
      - name: original_ad
      - name: outline_color
      - name: src
      - name: status
      - name: type
      - name: updated_date
      - name: valid_clicktag
      - name: width

## Advertisables
  - name: "adroll_advertisables"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-advertisable-get
    description: "about the advertisables (typically the parent object for a brand) in your {{ integration.display_name }} account."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: Advertisable ID (<code>id</code>)
      - name: is_active
      - name: name
      - name: organization
      - name: status
      - name: url
      - name: product_name
      - name: click_through_conversion_window
      - name: view_through_conversion_window
      - name: created_date
      - name: updated_date
      - name: attached_users<code>*</code>
      - name: blacklisted_sites
      - name: enable_customer_multi_dur_segs
      - name: is_coop_approved
      - name: is_publisher
      - name: cm_networks
      - name: iab1_category_id
      - name: iab1_category_name
      - name: iab2_category_id
      - name: iab2_category_iname
      - name: zvelo_category_id
      - name: zvelo_category_name
      - name: approval_state
      - name: has_privacy_policy
      - name: ops
      - name: optimizer
      - name: saleser
      - name: liquidads

## Campaigns
  - name: "adroll_campaigns"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-advertisable-get_campaigns
    description: "about the advertising campaigns in your account."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: true
    attributes:
      - name: Campaign ID (<code>eid</code>)
      - name: adgroups<code>*</code>
      - name: advertisable
      - name: budget
      - name: ui_budget_daily
      - name: created_date
      - name: cpc
      - name: cpm
      - name: end_date
      - name: is_active
      - name: is_facebook
      - name: is_fbx_newsfeed
      - name: is_retargeting
      - name: is_fb_wca
      - name: is_apple
      - name: max_cpm
      - name: name
      - name: promotion
      - name: pricing_strategies
      - name: start_date
      - name: status
      - name: updated_date
      - name: is_coop
      - name: is_pubgraph
      - name: spend_limit_until
      - name: created_date
      - name: updated_date

## Segments
  - name: "adroll_segments"
    doc-link: https://developers.adroll.com/docs/crud-api/reference.html#get--api-v1-advertisable-get_segments
    description: "about segments, or the lists of users that visit your site."
    notes: 
    replication-method: "Full Table"
    primary-key: "eid"
    nested-structures: false
    attributes:
      - name: Segment ID (<code>eid</code>)
      - name: display_name
      - name: name
      - name: type
      - name: match_method
      - name: pattern
      - name: threshold
      - name: duration
      - name: conversion_value
      - name: group
      - name: mobile

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Create an {{ integration.display_name }} User for Stitch"
    anchor: "create-adroll-user"
    content: |
      While you can use your own credentials to connect {{ integration.display_name }} to Stitch, we recommend creating a separate user for us. This will make it easier for you to manage users and audit events in your {{ integration.display_name }} account.

      **We require a General User role** - which is the default - to be able to replicate your {{ integration.display_name }} data. Note that Stitch does not need billing access. If you need help creating an {{ integration.display_name }} user, you can find instructions here in {{ integration.display_name }}’s support docs.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. Enter the email address and username for the Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} user.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
