_saas-integrations/bronto/bronto-latest.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Bronto (v1)
permalink: /integrations/saas/bronto
keywords: bronto, integration, schema, etl bronto, bronto etl, bronto schema
summary: "Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Bronto integration."
layout: singer

key: "bronto-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "bronto"
display_name: "Bronto"

singer: true 
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-bronto

this-version: "1"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} SOAP API](https://help.bronto.com/bmp/concept/c_api_soap_intro.html){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Standard"

api-type: "platform.bronto"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Admin permissions in Bronto.** This is required to create an API token.

setup-steps:
  - title: "Create a {{ integration.display_name }} API token"
    anchor: "create-access-token"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: You need Administrator permissions in Bronto to complete this step." %}
      
      1. Sign into your Bronto account.
      2. Navigate to **Home > Settings**.
      3. Click **Data Exchange** in the left side menu.
      4. Under **SOAP API Tokens**, click the **Add Access Token** button.
      5. In the **API Token Name** field, enter `Stitch`. This will allow you to easily identify what application is using the token.
      6. Click the checkbox next to **Read** to allow read access for this token.
      7. Ensure that the checkbox next to **Token is active?** is checked, and click **Save**.
      8. The access token will appear on the page under the name `Stitch` once the modal closes. Copy this to be used in setting up the connection from within the Stitch application.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **Bronto API Token** field, paste the access token you created in Step 1.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/bronto
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_saas-integrations/bronto/bronto-latest.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Bronto (v1)
permalink: /integrations/saas/bronto
keywords: bronto, integration, schema, etl bronto, bronto etl, bronto schema
summary: "Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Bronto integration."
layout: singer

key: "bronto-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "bronto"
display_name: "Bronto"

singer: true 
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-bronto

this-version: "1"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} SOAP API](https://help.bronto.com/bmp/concept/c_api_soap_intro.html){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Standard"

api-type: "platform.bronto"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Admin permissions in Bronto.** This is required to create an API token.

setup-steps:
  - title: "Create a {{ integration.display_name }} API token"
    anchor: "create-access-token"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: You need Administrator permissions in Bronto to complete this step." %}
      
      1. Sign into your Bronto account.
      2. Navigate to **Home > Settings**.
      3. Click **Data Exchange** in the left side menu.
      4. Under **SOAP API Tokens**, click the **Add Access Token** button.
      5. In the **API Token Name** field, enter `Stitch`. This will allow you to easily identify what application is using the token.
      6. Click the checkbox next to **Read** to allow read access for this token.
      7. Ensure that the checkbox next to **Token is active?** is checked, and click **Save**.
      8. The access token will appear on the page under the name `Stitch` once the modal closes. Copy this to be used in setting up the connection from within the Stitch application.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **Bronto API Token** field, paste the access token you created in Step 1.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/bronto
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
