_saas-integrations/hubspot/hubspot-latest.md, before:

---
title: HubSpot
permalink: /integrations/saas/hubspot/
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: hubspot, integration, schema, etl hubspot, hubspot etl
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's HubSpot integration."
layout: singer

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "hubspot"
display_name: "HubSpot"
singer: true
author: "Stitch"
author-url: https://www.stitchdata.com
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-hubspot

this-version: "2.0"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: true # Stitch-supported integration

historical: "30 days"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Premium"
status-url: https://status.hubspot.com/
icon: /images/integrations/icons/hubspot.svg
whitelist:
  tables: true
  columns: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**For HubSpot CRM or Marketing products:** Administrator permissions in HubSpot"
  - item: "**For the HubSpot Sales product:** Sales Administrator permissions in HubSpot"

requirements-info: |
  More information about HubSpot user roles and permissions can be found in [HubSpot's documentation](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/settings/hubspot-user-roles-guide){:target="new"}.

setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch to access HubSpot"
    anchor: "grant-stitch-authorization"
    content: |
      1. Next, you'll be prompted to sign into your HubSpot account.
      2. After you log into HubSpot, a screen with a list of your HubSpot accounts will display. Click the account you want to connect to Stitch.

         **Note that Stitch will only ever read your data**. Stitch will never modify or delete any data in your HubSpot account. 
      3. After the authorization process is successfully completed, you'll be directed back to Stitch.
      4. Click {{ app.buttons.finish-int-setup }}.
  - title: "track data"


# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

## See this integration's folder in /_integration-schemas for details
## on the tables it contains.

schema-sections:
  - title: "Custom HubSpot field replication"
    anchor: "custom-field-replication"
    content: |
      Custom object properties, or fields, are supported by Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration. Stitch will query the `properties` list for each object and, if custom fields are available through {{ integration.display_name }}'s API, replicate them to your destination.

      The data types of these fields will be the same as the data type in HubSpot. For example: A custom field containing `date` data will be a `date` field in your destination.

      This is applicable to any object that supports custom fields in {{ integration.display_name }}.

  - title: "HubSpot date/date-time values & UNIX timestamps"
    anchor: "datetime-unix-timestamps"
    content: |
      [{{ integration.display_name }} uses UNIX-formatted timestamps in milliseconds](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/faq/how-should-timestamps-be-formatted-for-hubspots-apis){:target="new"} to store `date` and `datetime` data. Stitch doesn't perform any transformation during the replication process, meaning these values won't be converted to timestamps before they're loaded into your destination.

      To account for this, consider creating a user-defined function to perform the conversion or building views on top of the raw data.

---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

HubSpot sometimes incompatible with Postgres

_saas-integrations/hubspot/hubspot-latest.md, after:

---
title: HubSpot
permalink: /integrations/saas/hubspot/
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: hubspot, integration, schema, etl hubspot, hubspot etl
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's HubSpot integration."
layout: singer

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "hubspot"
display_name: "HubSpot"
singer: true
author: "Stitch"
author-url: https://www.stitchdata.com
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-hubspot

this-version: "2.0"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: true # Stitch-supported integration

historical: "30 days"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Premium"
status-url: https://status.hubspot.com/
icon: /images/integrations/icons/hubspot.svg
whitelist:
  tables: true
  columns: true

incompatible:
  postgres: "sometimes"
  reason: "Tables and columns created as a result of de-nesting nested data may have names that exceed PostgreSQL's limit of 63 characters for tables and 59 characters for columns. PostgreSQL data warehouses will reject these tables and columns, meaning Stitch will be unable to load them."

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**For HubSpot CRM or Marketing products:** Administrator permissions in HubSpot"
  - item: "**For the HubSpot Sales product:** Sales Administrator permissions in HubSpot"

requirements-info: |
  More information about HubSpot user roles and permissions can be found in [HubSpot's documentation](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/settings/hubspot-user-roles-guide){:target="new"}.

setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch to access HubSpot"
    anchor: "grant-stitch-authorization"
    content: |
      1. Next, you'll be prompted to sign into your HubSpot account.
      2. After you log into HubSpot, a screen with a list of your HubSpot accounts will display. Click the account you want to connect to Stitch.

         **Note that Stitch will only ever read your data**. Stitch will never modify or delete any data in your HubSpot account. 
      3. After the authorization process is successfully completed, you'll be directed back to Stitch.
      4. Click {{ app.buttons.finish-int-setup }}.
  - title: "track data"


# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

## See this integration's folder in /_integration-schemas for details
## on the tables it contains.

schema-sections:
  - title: "Custom HubSpot field replication"
    anchor: "custom-field-replication"
    content: |
      Custom object properties, or fields, are supported by Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration. Stitch will query the `properties` list for each object and, if custom fields are available through {{ integration.display_name }}'s API, replicate them to your destination.

      The data types of these fields will be the same as the data type in HubSpot. For example: A custom field containing `date` data will be a `date` field in your destination.

      This is applicable to any object that supports custom fields in {{ integration.display_name }}.

  - title: "HubSpot date/date-time values & UNIX timestamps"
    anchor: "datetime-unix-timestamps"
    content: |
      [{{ integration.display_name }} uses UNIX-formatted timestamps in milliseconds](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/faq/how-should-timestamps-be-formatted-for-hubspots-apis){:target="new"} to store `date` and `datetime` data. Stitch doesn't perform any transformation during the replication process, meaning these values won't be converted to timestamps before they're loaded into your destination.

      To account for this, consider creating a user-defined function to perform the conversion or building views on top of the raw data.

---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
