_saas-integrations/toggl/v1/toggl-v1.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#     USING THIS TEMPLATE    #
# -------------------------- #

## NEED HELP USING THIS TEMPLATE? SEE:
## https://docs-about-stitch-docs.netlify.com/reference/integration-templates/saas/
## FOR INSTRUCTIONS & REFERENCE INFO


# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Toggl (v1.0)
permalink: /integrations/saas/toggl
keywords: toggl, integration, schema, etl toggl, toggl etl, toggl schema
summary: "Connections instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Toggl integration."
layout: singer
# input: false

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "toggl"
display_name: "Toggl"

singer: true 
tap-name: "Toggl"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-toggl

# this-version: "1.0"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Open Beta"
certified: false 

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Free"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: false

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Admin access to the workspaces you want to replicate time entry data from, if replicating from multiple workspaces.** Stitch is only able to access the same data as the user whose API token is used to authenticate the integration. {{ integration.display_name }}'s API limits retrieving time entry data to the user's own time entries and the time entries in a workspace where they are also an Admin.


setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} API token"
    anchor: "retrieve-toggl-api-token"
    content: |
      {% capture toggl-api-tokens %}
      Your {{ integration.display_name }} API token is specific to you. When replicating data, Stitch will only be able to access the same data as you in {{ integration.display_name }}.

      To replicate time entry data from multiple workspaces, you must be an Admin in the workspace you want to replicate data from. Verify that you have this permission in {{ integration.display_name }} before proceeding.
      {% endcapture %}

      {% include note.html first-line="**Verify your Toggl workspace permissions:**" content=toggl-api-tokens %}

      1. [Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account](https://toggl.com/login/){:target="new"}.
      2. Click the **Workspace** menu in the lower left corner.
      3. Click **Profile settings**.
      4. Locate the **API token** field, which is highlighted in the image below:

         ![The API token field, highlighted in the Toggl Profile Settings page]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/integrations/toggl-profile-settings-api-token.png)

      5. Copy the API token.

      Keep this handy - you'll need it to complete the next step.

  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **API Token** field, paste the API token you retrieve in [Step 1](#retrieve-toggl-api-token).
      5. In the **Trailing Days** field, enter the number of days Stitch should use as an attribution window when replicating time entry data. **Note**: This is only applicable to the `time_entries` table.

         For example: If this value is `5`, Stitch will replicate the past five days' worth of data for the `time_entries` table during every replication job.

  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "track data"


# -------------------------- #
#      Replication Info      #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - title: "Replicating time entry data"
    anchor: "replicating-time-entry-data"
    content: |
      The `time_entries` table uses the **Trailing Days** setting as an attribution window during replication. This means that the number entered into the **Trailing Days** field in the {{ app.page-names.int-settings }} page is the number of days Stitch will query time entry data for during every replication job.

      For example: If you set **Trailing Days** to `5`, Stitch will query for and replicate the past five days' worth of data during every replication job for the `time_entries` table.

      While `time_entries` is replicated incrementally - in that only data from the number of trailing days is replicated during each job - a high number of days being used as the attribution window can increase your row usage.


# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/toggl
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Integration summaries, pt.1 (#337)
* Add base docs

* Fix display issue with _sdc column tabs

I think that due to the changes in the sidenav, there were duplicate
object IDs on the page that was causing the tabs to behave incorrectly.
This fixes that.

* Move Intacct; another pass at instructions

* More setup instruction tweaks

* Add integration feature summary section

This section will summarize at a really high level what the integration
does/doesn’t do. Like what API(s) are used, etc

* Add logo

* Add feature summaries to SaaS integrations

* Add Intacct version file

* Update sdc columns for Intacct

_saas-integrations/toggl/v1/toggl-v1.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#     USING THIS TEMPLATE    #
# -------------------------- #

## NEED HELP USING THIS TEMPLATE? SEE:
## https://docs-about-stitch-docs.netlify.com/reference/integration-templates/saas/
## FOR INSTRUCTIONS & REFERENCE INFO


# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Toggl (v1.0)
permalink: /integrations/saas/toggl
keywords: toggl, integration, schema, etl toggl, toggl etl, toggl schema
summary: "Connections instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Toggl integration."
layout: singer
# input: false

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "toggl"
display_name: "Toggl"

singer: true 
tap-name: "Toggl"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-toggl

# this-version: "1.0"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} API v8](https://github.com/toggl/toggl_api_docs/blob/master/toggl_api.md){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Open Beta"
certified: false 

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Free"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: false

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Admin access to the workspaces you want to replicate time entry data from, if replicating from multiple workspaces.** Stitch is only able to access the same data as the user whose API token is used to authenticate the integration. {{ integration.display_name }}'s API limits retrieving time entry data to the user's own time entries and the time entries in a workspace where they are also an Admin.


setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} API token"
    anchor: "retrieve-toggl-api-token"
    content: |
      {% capture toggl-api-tokens %}
      Your {{ integration.display_name }} API token is specific to you. When replicating data, Stitch will only be able to access the same data as you in {{ integration.display_name }}.

      To replicate time entry data from multiple workspaces, you must be an Admin in the workspace you want to replicate data from. Verify that you have this permission in {{ integration.display_name }} before proceeding.
      {% endcapture %}

      {% include note.html first-line="**Verify your Toggl workspace permissions:**" content=toggl-api-tokens %}

      1. [Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account](https://toggl.com/login/){:target="new"}.
      2. Click the **Workspace** menu in the lower left corner.
      3. Click **Profile settings**.
      4. Locate the **API token** field, which is highlighted in the image below:

         ![The API token field, highlighted in the Toggl Profile Settings page]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/integrations/toggl-profile-settings-api-token.png)

      5. Copy the API token.

      Keep this handy - you'll need it to complete the next step.

  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **API Token** field, paste the API token you retrieve in [Step 1](#retrieve-toggl-api-token).
      5. In the **Trailing Days** field, enter the number of days Stitch should use as an attribution window when replicating time entry data. **Note**: This is only applicable to the `time_entries` table.

         For example: If this value is `5`, Stitch will replicate the past five days' worth of data for the `time_entries` table during every replication job.

  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "track data"


# -------------------------- #
#      Replication Info      #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - title: "Replicating time entry data"
    anchor: "replicating-time-entry-data"
    content: |
      The `time_entries` table uses the **Trailing Days** setting as an attribution window during replication. This means that the number entered into the **Trailing Days** field in the {{ app.page-names.int-settings }} page is the number of days Stitch will query time entry data for during every replication job.

      For example: If you set **Trailing Days** to `5`, Stitch will query for and replicate the past five days' worth of data during every replication job for the `time_entries` table.

      While `time_entries` is replicated incrementally - in that only data from the number of trailing days is replicated during each job - a high number of days being used as the attribution window can increase your row usage.


# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/toggl
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
