_saas-integrations/appsflyer/appsflyer-latest.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: AppsFlyer
permalink: /integrations/saas/appsflyer
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: appsflyer, integration, schema, etl appsflyer, appsflyer etl, appsflyer schema
layout: singer

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "appsflyer"
display_name: "AppsFlyer"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-appsflyer

# this-version: ""

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Free"
status-url: http://status.appsflyer.com/
icon: /images/integrations/icons/appsflyer.svg
whitelist:
  tables: false
  columns: false

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**To be the {{ integration.display_name }} Account Owner.** Only Account Owners have access to API credentials in {{ integration.display_name }}, which is required to set up the integration."
  - item: |
      **Access to raw data exports in {{ integration.display_name }}.** Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration uses the [Raw Data Report API](https://support.appsflyer.com/hc/en-us/articles/208387843-Raw-Data-Reports-V5-) to replicate installation and in-app event data. Access to raw data is an {{ integration.display_name }} premium feature, which may only be available on their higher tiers.

      To determine if you have access to raw data pulling, [follow these instructions](https://support.appsflyer.com/hc/en-us/articles/207034366-API-Policy#2-raw-data-reports-via-pull-api) in {{ integration.display_name }}'s documentation.

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve the app ID"
    anchor: "retrieve-the-app-id"
    content: |
      Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account.

      Depending on the app's type (iOS, Android, or Windows), the app ID format will vary:

      - **iOS** - This will be the iTunes ID of your app, without the `id` portion. For example: If the app is `id987654321`, the ID would be `987654321`.
      - **Android** - This will be the package name registered on AppsFlyer. For example: If the package is registered as `com.stitchdata.test`, the ID would be `com.stitchdata.test`.
      - **Windows** - This will be the Windows app ID. For example: `f1e2d3c4b5a6`

      The location of each type of app ID is highlighted in the image below:

      ![AppsFlyer app ID locations]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/integrations/appsflyer-app-ids.png)

  - title: "Retrieve the account's API key"
    anchor: "retrieve-your-api-key"
    content: |
      {% include note.html content="You must be the Account Owner in AppsFlyer to complete this step." %}

      1. In the list of apps, click the app you want to replicate data from. This will open the app's dashboard page.
      2. Under the **Integration** section, click **API Access.**
      3. Copy the key from the **Your API Key** field.

  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **App ID** field, enter the ID of the app you want to replicate data from.
      5. In the **API Token** field, paste the API key from [Step 2](#retrieve-your-api-key).
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/appsflyer
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add info about historical data & API call limits
1. AppsFlyer’s API limits the date range you can use when querying for
raw data. They currently only allow up to 3 months backwards from the
present day for raw data as a whole, and then 2 months for
installations and 1 month for in-app events. Source:
https://support.appsflyer.com/hc/en-us/articles/209680773-Export-Data-Re
ports#the-reports

2. They also limit the number of API calls an integration can make per
app, per day. Source:
https://support.appsflyer.com/hc/en-us/articles/207034366-API-Policy#2-r
aw-data-reports-via-pull-api

_saas-integrations/appsflyer/appsflyer-latest.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: AppsFlyer
permalink: /integrations/saas/appsflyer
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: appsflyer, integration, schema, etl appsflyer, appsflyer etl, appsflyer schema
layout: singer

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "appsflyer"
display_name: "AppsFlyer"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-appsflyer

# this-version: ""

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: false

historical: "60 days"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Free"
status-url: http://status.appsflyer.com/
icon: /images/integrations/icons/appsflyer.svg
whitelist:
  tables: false
  columns: false

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: "**To be the {{ integration.display_name }} Account Owner.** Only Account Owners have access to API credentials in {{ integration.display_name }}, which is required to set up the integration."
  - item: |
      **Access to raw data exports in {{ integration.display_name }}.** Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration uses the [Raw Data Report API](https://support.appsflyer.com/hc/en-us/articles/208387843-Raw-Data-Reports-V5-) to replicate installation and in-app event data. Access to raw data is an {{ integration.display_name }} premium feature, which may only be available on their higher tiers.

      To determine if you have access to raw data pulling, [follow these instructions](https://support.appsflyer.com/hc/en-us/articles/207034366-API-Policy#2-raw-data-reports-via-pull-api) in {{ integration.display_name }}'s documentation.

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve the app ID"
    anchor: "retrieve-the-app-id"
    content: |
      Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account.

      Depending on the app's type (iOS, Android, or Windows), the app ID format will vary:

      - **iOS** - This will be the iTunes ID of your app, without the `id` portion. For example: If the app is `id987654321`, the ID would be `987654321`.
      - **Android** - This will be the package name registered on AppsFlyer. For example: If the package is registered as `com.stitchdata.test`, the ID would be `com.stitchdata.test`.
      - **Windows** - This will be the Windows app ID. For example: `f1e2d3c4b5a6`

      The location of each type of app ID is highlighted in the image below:

      ![AppsFlyer app ID locations]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/integrations/appsflyer-app-ids.png)

  - title: "Retrieve the account's API key"
    anchor: "retrieve-your-api-key"
    content: |
      {% include note.html content="You must be the Account Owner in AppsFlyer to complete this step." %}

      1. In the list of apps, click the app you want to replicate data from. This will open the app's dashboard page.
      2. Under the **Integration** section, click **API Access.**
      3. Copy the key from the **Your API Key** field.

  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **App ID** field, enter the ID of the app you want to replicate data from.
      5. In the **API Token** field, paste the API key from [Step 2](#retrieve-your-api-key).
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/appsflyer

replication-sections:
  - title: "Historical {{ integration.display_name }} data limitations"
    anchor: "historical-appsflyer-data-limitations"
    content: |
      [Due to limits imposed by {{ integration.display_name }} on date ranges while querying](https://support.appsflyer.com/hc/en-us/articles/209680773-Export-Data-Reports#the-reports), only a finite amount of historical data is able to be replicated by Stitch:

      - For **installations** (`installations`), each query is limited to up to two months of data, backwards from the present day.
      - For **in-app events** (`in_app_events`), each query is limited to up to one month of data, backwards from the present day.

      This means that from the date the integration is created in Stitch, only the previous two months (60 days) of data for each report type will be able to be replicated.

      If the integration's **Start Date** setting in Stitch is set to a date that exceeds this range, extraction errors will occur and be surfaced in the integration's [Extraction Logs]({{ link.replication.extraction-logs | prepend: site.baseurl }}).

  - title: "{{ integration.display_name }} API call limits and Replication Frequency"
    anchor: "api-call-limits"
    content: |
      In addition to historical limitations, {{ integration.display_name }} also [imposes a limit on the number of raw data API calls](https://support.appsflyer.com/hc/en-us/articles/207034366-API-Policy#2-raw-data-reports-via-pull-api) that can be made per day. Currently, the maximum is **10 API calls per day, per app** and increases when upgrading to a higher {{ integration.display_name }} tier.

      Each time Stitch requests data for an app - or a single {{ integration.display_name }} integration - two API calls will be used: One to replicate `in_app_events`, and one for `installations`.

      If your Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} integration is set to replicate frequently (ex: every 30 minutes), you may quickly consume your {{ integration.display_name }} API quota. When this occurs, Stitch will pause replication and resume where it left off when more quota is available.

      To avoid disruptions in replication, we recommend selecting a lower [Replication Frequency]({{ link.replication.rep-frequency | prepend: site.baseurl }}), such as 12 or 24 hours.
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
