_database-integrations/mysql/aurora-rds/amazon-aurora-mysql.md, before:

---
title: Amazon Aurora MySQL RDS (v1)
keywords: amazon aurora, aurora mysql, database integration, etl aurora, aurora etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/amazon-aurora-mysql
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Amazon Aurora RDS database using Stitch's Aurora integration."
microsites:
  - title: "{{ page.display_name }} to Postgres"
    url: "http://mysql.topostgres.com/"
show-in-menus: true

key: "aurora-rds-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "aurora-rds"
display_name: "Amazon Aurora MySQL RDS"
singer: true

tap-name: "MySQL"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql

this-version: "1"

hosting-type: "amazon"

driver: |
  [PyMySQL 0.7.11](https://pymysql.readthedocs.io/en/latest/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql
certified: true
setup-name: "Amazon Aurora"

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 3306
db-type: "mysql"

## Stitch features
api-type: "platform.aurora"
versions: "n/a"
ssh: true
ssl: true

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "5.6.2"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true

log-based-replication-read-replica: false
log-based-replication-read-replica-reason: "Amazon Aurora MySQL doesn't support binary logging on read replicas."

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

notice: "Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration only supports MySQL-backed instances. To create an **Aurora PostgreSQL** connection, use the **PostgreSQL** integration in Stitch."

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Privileges in Amazon Web Services (AWS) that allow you to**:

        - Create/manage Security Groups, which is required to whitelist Stitch's IP addresses.
        - View database details, which is required for retrieving the database's connection details.

  - item: |
      **To connect the master instance if using binlog replication.** As per [Amazon's documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/AuroraMySQL.Reference.html){:target="new"}, binlog replication can't be enabled on Aurora read replicas as the `log_slave_updates` parameter is not modifiable.
  - item: |
      **The `CREATE USER` or `INSERT` privilege (for the `mysql` database).** The [`CREATE USER` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/create-user.html){:target="new"} is required to create a database user for Stitch.
  - item: |
      **The `GRANT OPTION` privilege in {{ integration.display_name }}.** The [`GRANT OPTION` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/privileges-provided.html#priv_grant-option){:target="new"} is required to grant the necessary privileges to the Stitch database user.


# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Configure Log-based Incremental Replication"
    anchor: "configure-log-based-incremental-replication"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-a-database-user)." %}

      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}
    substeps:
      - title: "Configure the database parameter group"
        anchor: "configure-database-parameter-group"
        content: |
          In this step, you'll create a new database cluster parameter group and configure the settings for Log-based Incremental Replication.
           
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/aurora-rds.html %}

      - title: "Apply the parameter group to the database"
        anchor: "apply-parameter-group-to-database"
        content: |
          Next you'll apply the parameter group to the {{ integration.display_name }} database.

          1. In AWS, click the **Instances** option in the menu on the left side of the page.
          2. Select the instance you're connecting to Stitch.
          3. Click **Instance actions > Modify**.
          4. In the **Modify DB Instance** page, scroll down to the **Database options** section.
          5. From the **DB parameter group** dropdown, select the parameter group you created in the previous step.

      - title: "Define the backup retention period"
        anchor: "define-backup-retention-period"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="backup-retention-period" %}

      - title: "Apply parameter changes and reboot the database"
        anchor: "apply-changes-reboot-database"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="reboot-the-instance" %}

      - title: "Retrieve server IDs"
        anchor: "server-id"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mysql-server-id.html %}

      - title: "Define the binlong retention setting"
        anchor: "define-binlog-retention-setting"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="binlog-retention-hours" %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "create-a-database-user"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="You must have the `CREATE USER` and `GRANT OPTION` privileges to complete this step." %} 

      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Locate the database connection details in AWS"
        anchor: "locating-rds-database-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/connection-details/amazon.html %}

      - title: "Define the database connection details in Stitch"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" ssl-fields=true %}

      - title: "Define the Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-log-based-replication-setting"
        content: |
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-replication-schedule)." %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

      - title: "Save the integration"
        anchor: "save-integration"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="finish-up" %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_database-integrations/mysql/aurora-rds/amazon-aurora-mysql.md, after:

---
title: Amazon Aurora MySQL RDS (v1)
keywords: amazon aurora, aurora mysql, database integration, etl aurora, aurora etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/amazon-aurora-mysql
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Amazon Aurora RDS database using Stitch's Aurora integration."
microsites:
  - title: "{{ page.display_name }} to Postgres"
    url: "http://mysql.topostgres.com/"
show-in-menus: true

key: "aurora-rds-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "aurora-rds"
display_name: "Amazon Aurora MySQL RDS"
singer: true

tap-name: "MySQL"
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql

this-version: "1"

hosting-type: "amazon"

driver: |
  [PyMySQL 0.7.11](https://pymysql.readthedocs.io/en/latest/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql
certified: true
setup-name: "Amazon Aurora"

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 3306
db-type: "mysql"

## Stitch features
api-type: "platform.aurora"
versions: "n/a"
ssh: true
ssl: true

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
select-all: "sometimes"
select-all-reason: "Log-based Incremental Replication must be enabled and set as the default Replication Method to use the Select All feature."

table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "5.6.2"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true

log-based-replication-read-replica: false
log-based-replication-read-replica-reason: "Amazon Aurora MySQL doesn't support binary logging on read replicas."

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

notice: "Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration only supports MySQL-backed instances. To create an **Aurora PostgreSQL** connection, use the **PostgreSQL** integration in Stitch."

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Privileges in Amazon Web Services (AWS) that allow you to**:

        - Create/manage Security Groups, which is required to whitelist Stitch's IP addresses.
        - View database details, which is required for retrieving the database's connection details.

  - item: |
      **To connect the master instance if using binlog replication.** As per [Amazon's documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/AuroraMySQL.Reference.html){:target="new"}, binlog replication can't be enabled on Aurora read replicas as the `log_slave_updates` parameter is not modifiable.
  - item: |
      **The `CREATE USER` or `INSERT` privilege (for the `mysql` database).** The [`CREATE USER` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/create-user.html){:target="new"} is required to create a database user for Stitch.
  - item: |
      **The `GRANT OPTION` privilege in {{ integration.display_name }}.** The [`GRANT OPTION` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/privileges-provided.html#priv_grant-option){:target="new"} is required to grant the necessary privileges to the Stitch database user.


# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Configure Log-based Incremental Replication"
    anchor: "configure-log-based-incremental-replication"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-a-database-user)." %}

      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}
    substeps:
      - title: "Configure the database parameter group"
        anchor: "configure-database-parameter-group"
        content: |
          In this step, you'll create a new database cluster parameter group and configure the settings for Log-based Incremental Replication.
           
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/aurora-rds.html %}

      - title: "Apply the parameter group to the database"
        anchor: "apply-parameter-group-to-database"
        content: |
          Next you'll apply the parameter group to the {{ integration.display_name }} database.

          1. In AWS, click the **Instances** option in the menu on the left side of the page.
          2. Select the instance you're connecting to Stitch.
          3. Click **Instance actions > Modify**.
          4. In the **Modify DB Instance** page, scroll down to the **Database options** section.
          5. From the **DB parameter group** dropdown, select the parameter group you created in the previous step.

      - title: "Define the backup retention period"
        anchor: "define-backup-retention-period"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="backup-retention-period" %}

      - title: "Apply parameter changes and reboot the database"
        anchor: "apply-changes-reboot-database"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="reboot-the-instance" %}

      - title: "Retrieve server IDs"
        anchor: "server-id"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mysql-server-id.html %}

      - title: "Define the binlong retention setting"
        anchor: "define-binlog-retention-setting"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="binlog-retention-hours" %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "create-a-database-user"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="You must have the `CREATE USER` and `GRANT OPTION` privileges to complete this step." %} 

      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Locate the database connection details in AWS"
        anchor: "locating-rds-database-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/connection-details/amazon.html %}

      - title: "Define the database connection details in Stitch"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" ssl-fields=true %}

      - title: "Define the Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-log-based-replication-setting"
        content: |
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-replication-schedule)." %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

      - title: "Save the integration"
        anchor: "save-integration"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="finish-up" %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
