_connect-files/api/objects/destinations/v4/destination-object-v4.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#        CONTENT TYPE        #
# -------------------------- #

content-type: "api-version-object"
endpoint: "destinations"

# -------------------------- #
#        VERSION INFO        #
# -------------------------- #

version: "4"

# -------------------------- #
#      OBJECT ATTRIBUTES     #
# -------------------------- #

object-attributes:
  - name: "deleted_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "The time at which the destination object was deleted."
    example-value: |
      null

  - name: "name"
    type: "string"
    description: "The name for the destination."
    example-value: |
      "Default Warehouse"

  - name: "paused_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "If the connection was paused by the user, the time the pause began. Otherwise, or if the connection is active, this will be null."
    example-value: |
      null

  - name: "properties"
    type: "object"
    sub-type: "destination form properties"
    url: "{{ api.form-properties.destination-forms.section }}"
    description: |
      Parameters for connecting to the destination, excluding any sensitive credentials.

      The parameters must adhere to the `type` of destination.

  - name: "report_card"
    type: "object"
    sub-type: "destination report card"
    url: "{{ api.data-structures.report-cards.destination.section }}"
    description: |
      The Report Card object corresponding to the destination's `type`. For example: `postgres` or `redshift`.

  - name: "stitch_client_id"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the Stitch client account."
    example-value: |
      7723

  - name: "system_paused_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "If the connection was paused by the system, the time the pause began. Otherwise, or if the connection is active, this will be null."
    example-value: |
      null
---

Commit message:

Connect: Add start/stop job & new attributes to `properties` object (#315)
* Add `replication job` to API terminology

* Update `structure sync` definition

* Clarify `type` and `id` for sources and destinations

There are a lot of `id` and `type` fields flying around. This adds
things like `source_id` or `source_type` to clarify which piece of data
is actually needed to do things.

* Add replication job object

* Add base replication job object data to api.yml and core-objects

* Add replication job endpoints

* First pass at errors for replication job endpoints

* Update error messages for source endpoints

* Clean up {id}s that escape in the first commit

* Correct data type for destination `port` and `encryption_port` properties

These are actually `string`s, not `integers

* Add description for replication job object

* Make menu collapse by default; add replication jobs section

* Fix links in example tabs

* Update report card examples for /v4/sources endpoint

* Update report card and response examples for /v4/destinations

* Update `properties` object

* Update `properties` descriptions in source and destination objects

_connect-files/api/objects/destinations/v4/destination-object-v4.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#        CONTENT TYPE        #
# -------------------------- #

content-type: "api-version-object"
endpoint: "destinations"

# -------------------------- #
#        VERSION INFO        #
# -------------------------- #

version: "4"

# -------------------------- #
#      OBJECT ATTRIBUTES     #
# -------------------------- #

object-attributes:
  - name: "deleted_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "The time at which the destination object was deleted."
    example-value: |
      null

  - name: "name"
    type: "string"
    description: "The name for the destination."
    example-value: |
      "Default Warehouse"

  - name: "paused_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "If the connection was paused by the user, the time the pause began. Otherwise, or if the connection is active, this will be null."
    example-value: |
      null

  - name: "properties"
    type: "object"
    sub-type: "destination form properties"
    url: "{{ api.form-properties.destination-forms.section }}"
    description: |
      Parameters for connecting to the destination, excluding any sensitive credentials. The parameters must adhere to the `type` of destination.

      **Note**: When included in responses, this object will contain the current values for the destination's form properties. If an optional property (`is_required: false`) has not been provided, it will not be present in this object.

  - name: "report_card"
    type: "object"
    sub-type: "destination report card"
    url: "{{ api.data-structures.report-cards.destination.section }}"
    description: |
      The Report Card object corresponding to the destination's `type`. For example: `postgres` or `redshift`.

  - name: "stitch_client_id"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the Stitch client account."
    example-value: |
      7723

  - name: "system_paused_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "If the connection was paused by the system, the time the pause began. Otherwise, or if the connection is active, this will be null."
    example-value: |
      null
---
