_integration-schemas/netsuite/ItemAccountMapping.md, before:

---
tap: "netsuite"
version: "1.0"

name: "ItemAccountMapping"
doc-link: "https://975200-sb2.app.netsuite.com/help/helpcenter/en_US/srbrowser/Browser2017_2/schema/record/itemaccountmapping.html"
singer-schema: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-netsuite/blob/master/tap_netsuite/schemas/ItemAccountMapping.json"
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains details about the item account mapping record in your {{ integration.display_name }} account.

  For accounts using {{ integration.display_name }} Multi-Book Accounting, the item account mapping record enables you to configure secondary accounting books to post to accounts different from the primary book, based on the item that is the subject of the transaction. These mappings are used by transactions where the item determines the account to which the transaction posts.

  {{ integration.permission-for-table | flatify }}

permission:
  tab: "Setup"
  name: "Item Account Mapping"

feature-requirements:
  - name: "NetSuite OneWorld"
  - tab: &accounting "Accounting"
    name: "Multi-Book Accounting"
  - tab: *accounting
    name: "Chart of Accounts Mapping"

replication-method: "Full Table"

attributes:
  - name: "internalId"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: ""
    # foreign-key-id: "item-account-mapping-id"

  - name: "_class"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "accountingBook"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "customDimension"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "customFieldList"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "customForm"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "department"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "destinationAccount"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "effectiveDate"
    type: "date-time"
    description: ""

  - name: "endDate"
    type: "date-time"
    description: ""

  - name: "externalId"
    type: "string"
    description: ""

  - name: "itemAccount"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "location"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "nullFieldList"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "sourceAccount"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "subsidiary"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""
---

Commit message:

Add table.key and update doc URLs
1. Add a new table.key property - this will hopefully be someday
renamed to `name`, and `name` will become `display-name` to be
consistent with other files. This is the unique ID for the table for a
given version and can be used to map to its like in previous
integration versions.
2. Update NetSuite doc links to `system.netsuite.com` versus specific
app-based help.

_integration-schemas/netsuite/ItemAccountMapping.md, after:

---
tap: "netsuite"
version: "1.0"

name: "ItemAccountMapping"
doc-link: "https://system.netsuite.com/help/helpcenter/en_US/srbrowser/Browser2017_2/schema/record/itemaccountmapping.html"
singer-schema: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-netsuite/blob/master/tap_netsuite/schemas/ItemAccountMapping.json"
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains details about the item account mapping record in your {{ integration.display_name }} account.

  For accounts using {{ integration.display_name }} Multi-Book Accounting, the item account mapping record enables you to configure secondary accounting books to post to accounts different from the primary book, based on the item that is the subject of the transaction. These mappings are used by transactions where the item determines the account to which the transaction posts.

  {{ integration.permission-for-table | flatify }}

## Refer to _data/extraction/netsuite/netsuite-permissions.yml for permissions for this table/object.
key: "item-account-mapping"

replication-method: "Full Table"

attributes:
  - name: "internalId"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: ""
    # foreign-key-id: "item-account-mapping-id"

  - name: "_class"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "accountingBook"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "customDimension"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "customFieldList"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "customForm"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "department"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "destinationAccount"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "effectiveDate"
    type: "date-time"
    description: ""

  - name: "endDate"
    type: "date-time"
    description: ""

  - name: "externalId"
    type: "string"
    description: ""

  - name: "itemAccount"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "location"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "nullFieldList"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "sourceAccount"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "subsidiary"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""
---
