_integration-schemas/netsuite/PartnerCategory.md, before:

---
tap: "netsuite"
version: "1.0"

name: "PartnerCategory"
doc-link: "https://975200-sb2.app.netsuite.com/help/helpcenter/en_US/srbrowser/Browser2017_2/schema/record/partnercategory.html"
singer-schema: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-netsuite/blob/master/tap_netsuite/schemas/PartnerCategory.json"
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains info about the categories that can be applied to partners in your {{ integration.display_name }} account.

  {{ integration.permission-for-table | flatify }}

permission:
  tab: "Setup"
  name: "CRM Lists"

feature-requirements:
  - tab: "CRM"
    name: "Partner Relationship Management"

replication-method: "Full Table"

attributes:
  - name: "internalId"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: ""
    foreign-key-id: "partner-category-id"

  - name: "externalId"
    type: "string"
    description: ""

  - name: "isInactive"
    type: "boolean, string"
    description: ""

  - name: "name"
    type: "string"
    description: ""

  - name: "nullFieldList"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "parent"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""
---

Commit message:

Add table.key and update doc URLs
1. Add a new table.key property - this will hopefully be someday
renamed to `name`, and `name` will become `display-name` to be
consistent with other files. This is the unique ID for the table for a
given version and can be used to map to its like in previous
integration versions.
2. Update NetSuite doc links to `system.netsuite.com` versus specific
app-based help.

_integration-schemas/netsuite/PartnerCategory.md, after:

---
tap: "netsuite"
version: "1.0"

name: "PartnerCategory"
doc-link: "https://system.netsuite.com/help/helpcenter/en_US/srbrowser/Browser2017_2/schema/record/partnercategory.html"
singer-schema: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-netsuite/blob/master/tap_netsuite/schemas/PartnerCategory.json"
description: |
  The `{{ table.name }}` table contains info about the categories that can be applied to partners in your {{ integration.display_name }} account.

  {{ integration.permission-for-table | flatify }}

## Refer to _data/extraction/netsuite/netsuite-permissions.yml for permissions for this table/object.
key: "partner-category"

replication-method: "Full Table"

attributes:
  - name: "internalId"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: ""
    foreign-key-id: "partner-category-id"

  - name: "externalId"
    type: "string"
    description: ""

  - name: "isInactive"
    type: "boolean, string"
    description: ""

  - name: "name"
    type: "string"
    description: ""

  - name: "nullFieldList"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""

  - name: "parent"
    type: "varies"
    description: ""
---
