_saas-integrations/campaign-monitor/v1/campaign-monitor-v1.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Campaign Monitor
permalink: /integrations/saas/campaign-monitor
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: campaign monitor, integration, schema, etl campaign monitor, campaign monitor etl, campaign monitor schema
layout: singer
# input: false

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "campaign-monitor"
display_name: "Campaign Monitor"

singer: true 
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-campaign-monitor

# this-version: "1.0"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Free"
status-url: "https://status.campaignmonitor.com/"
icon: /images/integrations/icons/campaign-monitor.svg

anchor-scheduling: true
extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

# attribution-window: "# days"
# attribution-is-configurable: 

# setup-name: ""

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} API credentials"
    anchor: "retrieve-api-credentials"
    content: |
      1. Sign into your [{{ integration.display_name }} account](https://login.createsend.com/){:target="new"}.
      2. Click the user menu (your avatar), located in the top right corner.
      3. Click **Account settings**.
      4. On the Account Settings page, click **API keys**.
      5. Click the **Show API key** link to reveal your API key.

      Keep this page open - you'll need it to complete the next step.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **Campaign Monitor Client ID** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} client ID.
      5. In the **Campaign Monitor API Key** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} API key.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/campaign-monitor

# schema-sections:
#  - title: ""
#    anchor: ""
#    content: |

---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Update setup instructions
We now use OAuth, so the API key step is no longer needed.

_saas-integrations/campaign-monitor/v1/campaign-monitor-v1.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Campaign Monitor
permalink: /integrations/saas/campaign-monitor
tags: [saas_integrations]
keywords: campaign monitor, integration, schema, etl campaign monitor, campaign monitor etl, campaign monitor schema
layout: singer
# input: false

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "campaign-monitor"
display_name: "Campaign Monitor"

singer: true 
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-campaign-monitor

# this-version: "1.0"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Free"
status-url: "https://status.campaignmonitor.com/"
icon: /images/integrations/icons/campaign-monitor.svg

anchor-scheduling: true
extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

# attribution-window: "# days"
# attribution-is-configurable: 

# setup-name: ""

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} API credentials"
    anchor: "retrieve-api-credentials"
    content: |
      1. Sign into your [{{ integration.display_name }} account](https://login.createsend.com/){:target="new"}.
      2. Click the user menu (your avatar), located in the top right corner.
      3. Click **Account settings**.
      4. On the Account Settings page, click **API keys**.
      5. Locate your **Client ID**.

      Keep this page open - you'll need it to complete the next step.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **Campaign Monitor Client ID** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} client ID.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch to access {{ integration.display_name }}"
    anchor: "grant-stitch-authorization"
    content: |
      1. Next, you'll be prompted to sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account.
      2. Follow the prompts to complete the authorization process.
      3. After the authorization process is successfully completed, you'll be directed back to Stitch.
      4. Click {{ app.buttons.finish-int-setup }}.

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/campaign-monitor

# schema-sections:
#  - title: ""
#    anchor: ""
#    content: |

---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
