_integration-schemas/zuora/product_rate_plan_charge_tier.md, before:

---
tap: "zuora"
version: 1.0

name: "productRatePlanChargeTier"
doc-link: https://live-www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#tag/Product-Rate-Plan-Charge-Tiers
description: |
  The `productRatePlanChargeTier` table contains pricing info for product rate plan charges.

replication-method: "Incremental"

attributes:
  - name: "id"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The product rate plan charge tier ID."

  - name: "updatedDate"
    type: "date-time"
    replication-key: true
    description: "The date when the product rate plan charge tier was last updated."

  - name: "createdById"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the Zuora user who created the product rate plan charge tier."

  - name: "createdDate"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The date the product rate plan charge tier was created."

  - name: "currency"
    type: "string"
    description: "The code for the currency used by the tier's price."

  - name: "endingUnit"
    type: "number"
    description: "The end number of a range of units for the tier."

  - name: "price"
    type: "number"
    description: |
      This value will be either:

      - The price of the tier, if the charge is a flat fee
      - The price of each unit in the tier, if the charge model is tiered pricing

  - name: "priceFormat"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The pricing type of the tier, for tiered and volume pricing models only. Possible values are:

      - `FlatFee`
      - `PerUnit`

  - name: "startingUnit"
    type: "number"
    description: "The starting number of a range of units for the tier."

  - name: "tier"
    type: "integer"
    description: "A unique number that identifies the tier that the price applies to."

  - name: "updatedById"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the Zuora user who last updated the product rate plan charge tier."
---

Commit message:

Add `deleted` field to tables

_integration-schemas/zuora/product_rate_plan_charge_tier.md, after:

---
tap: "zuora"
version: 1.0

name: "productRatePlanChargeTier"
doc-link: https://live-www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#tag/Product-Rate-Plan-Charge-Tiers
description: |
  The `productRatePlanChargeTier` table contains pricing info for product rate plan charges.

replication-method: "Incremental"

attributes:
  - name: "id"
    type: "string"
    primary-key: true
    description: "The product rate plan charge tier ID."

  - name: "updatedDate"
    type: "date-time"
    replication-key: true
    description: "The date when the product rate plan charge tier was last updated."

  - name: "createdById"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the Zuora user who created the product rate plan charge tier."

  - name: "createdDate"
    type: "date-time"
    description: "The date the product rate plan charge tier was created."

  - name: "currency"
    type: "string"
    description: "The code for the currency used by the tier's price."

  - name: "deleted"
    type: "boolean"
    description: |
      **Only supported for the AQuA API.** If `true`, this record was deleted in Zuora.

  - name: "endingUnit"
    type: "number"
    description: "The end number of a range of units for the tier."

  - name: "price"
    type: "number"
    description: |
      This value will be either:

      - The price of the tier, if the charge is a flat fee
      - The price of each unit in the tier, if the charge model is tiered pricing

  - name: "priceFormat"
    type: "string"
    description: |
      The pricing type of the tier, for tiered and volume pricing models only. Possible values are:

      - `FlatFee`
      - `PerUnit`

  - name: "startingUnit"
    type: "number"
    description: "The starting number of a range of units for the tier."

  - name: "tier"
    type: "integer"
    description: "A unique number that identifies the tier that the price applies to."

  - name: "updatedById"
    type: "string"
    description: "The ID of the Zuora user who last updated the product rate plan charge tier."
---
