_database-integrations/mysql/amazon-rds/mysql-amazon-rds.md, before:

---
title: Amazon MySQL RDS (v1)
keywords: amazon, amazon rds, rds, relational database services, database integration, etl rds, rds etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/amazon-rds-mysql
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Amazon RDS MySQL using Stitch's MySQL integration."
show-in-menus: true

key: "mysql-rds-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "mysql-rds"
display_name: "Amazon MySQL RDS"

this-version: "1"

hosting-type: "amazon"

driver: |
  [PyMySQL 0.7.11](https://pymysql.readthedocs.io/en/latest/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true
singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql
setup-name: "MySQL"

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 3306
db-type: "mysql"

## Stitch features
api-type: "platform.mysql"
versions: "n/a"
ssh: true
ssl: true

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "5.6.2"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true
log-based-replication-read-replica: true

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Privileges in Amazon Web Services (AWS) that allow you to**:

        - Create/manage Security Groups, which is required to whitelist Stitch's IP addresses.
        - View database details, which is required for retrieving the database's connection details.
  - item: |
      **The `CREATE USER` or `INSERT` privilege (for the `mysql` database).** The [`CREATE USER` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/create-user.html){:target="new"} is required to create a database user for Stitch.
  - item: |
      **The `GRANT OPTION` privilege in {{ integration.display_name }}.** The [`GRANT OPTION` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/privileges-provided.html#priv_grant-option){:target="new"} is required to grant the necessary privileges to the Stitch database user.

# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Configure Log-based Incremental Replication"
    anchor: "configure-log-based-incremental-replication"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-a-database-user)." %}

      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}
    substeps:
      - title: "Configure the database parameter group"
        anchor: "configure-database-parameter-group"
        content: |
          In this step, you'll configure the database parameters required to use Log-based Incremental Replication.
          
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/mysql-rds.html %}

## I believe this is only applicable to MySQL and not Aurora,
## as I can't find evidence of it being necessary in Aurora's
## documentation.
      - title: "Define the backup retention period"
        anchor: "define-backup-retention-period"
        content: |
          {% capture mysql-rds-backup-requirement %}
          **Enabling automatic backups is required to use Log-based Incremental Replication.** In Amazon RDS, enabling automatic backups also enables binary logging, which is what Stitch uses to perform Log-based Incremental Replication.

          Skipping this step or disabling automatic backups will cause replication issues in Stitch.

          Refer to the **Transaction Size** section of [Amazon's Importing Data into a MySQL DB Instance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_us/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/MySQL.Procedural.Importing.Other.html){:target="new"} documentation for more info.
          {% endcapture %}
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content=mysql-rds-backup-requirement %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="backup-retention-period" %}

      - title: "Apply parameter changes and reboot the database"
        anchor: "apply-changes-reboot-database"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="reboot-the-instance" %}

      - title: "Retrieve server IDs"
        anchor: "server-id"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mysql-server-id.html %}

      - title: "Define the binlog retention setting"
        anchor: "define-binlog-retention-setting"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="binlog-retention-hours" %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "create-a-database-user"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: You must have the `CREATE USER` and `GRANT OPTION` privileges to complete this step." %} 

      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Locate the database connection details in AWS"
        anchor: "locating-rds-database-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/connection-details/amazon.html %}

      - title: "Define the database connection details in Stitch"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" ssl-fields=true %}

      - title: "Define the Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-log-based-replication-setting"
        content: |
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-replication-schedule)." %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

      - title: "Save the integration"
        anchor: "save-integration"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="finish-up" %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_database-integrations/mysql/amazon-rds/mysql-amazon-rds.md, after:

---
title: Amazon MySQL RDS (v1)
keywords: amazon, amazon rds, rds, relational database services, database integration, etl rds, rds etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/amazon-rds-mysql
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Amazon RDS MySQL using Stitch's MySQL integration."
show-in-menus: true

key: "mysql-rds-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "mysql-rds"
display_name: "Amazon MySQL RDS"

this-version: "1"

hosting-type: "amazon"

driver: |
  [PyMySQL 0.7.11](https://pymysql.readthedocs.io/en/latest/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true
singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mysql
setup-name: "MySQL"

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 3306
db-type: "mysql"

## Stitch features
api-type: "platform.mysql"
versions: "n/a"
ssh: true
ssl: true

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
select-all: "sometimes"
select-all-reason: "Log-based Incremental Replication must be enabled and set as the default Replication Method to use the Select All feature."

table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "5.6.2"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true
log-based-replication-read-replica: true

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Privileges in Amazon Web Services (AWS) that allow you to**:

        - Create/manage Security Groups, which is required to whitelist Stitch's IP addresses.
        - View database details, which is required for retrieving the database's connection details.
  - item: |
      **The `CREATE USER` or `INSERT` privilege (for the `mysql` database).** The [`CREATE USER` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/create-user.html){:target="new"} is required to create a database user for Stitch.
  - item: |
      **The `GRANT OPTION` privilege in {{ integration.display_name }}.** The [`GRANT OPTION` privilege](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/privileges-provided.html#priv_grant-option){:target="new"} is required to grant the necessary privileges to the Stitch database user.

# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Configure Log-based Incremental Replication"
    anchor: "configure-log-based-incremental-replication"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-a-database-user)." %}

      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}
    substeps:
      - title: "Configure the database parameter group"
        anchor: "configure-database-parameter-group"
        content: |
          In this step, you'll configure the database parameters required to use Log-based Incremental Replication.
          
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/mysql-rds.html %}

## I believe this is only applicable to MySQL and not Aurora,
## as I can't find evidence of it being necessary in Aurora's
## documentation.
      - title: "Define the backup retention period"
        anchor: "define-backup-retention-period"
        content: |
          {% capture mysql-rds-backup-requirement %}
          **Enabling automatic backups is required to use Log-based Incremental Replication.** In Amazon RDS, enabling automatic backups also enables binary logging, which is what Stitch uses to perform Log-based Incremental Replication.

          Skipping this step or disabling automatic backups will cause replication issues in Stitch.

          Refer to the **Transaction Size** section of [Amazon's Importing Data into a MySQL DB Instance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_us/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/MySQL.Procedural.Importing.Other.html){:target="new"} documentation for more info.
          {% endcapture %}
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content=mysql-rds-backup-requirement %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="backup-retention-period" %}

      - title: "Apply parameter changes and reboot the database"
        anchor: "apply-changes-reboot-database"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="reboot-the-instance" %}

      - title: "Retrieve server IDs"
        anchor: "server-id"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mysql-server-id.html %}

      - title: "Define the binlog retention setting"
        anchor: "define-binlog-retention-setting"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="binlog-retention-hours" %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "create-a-database-user"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: You must have the `CREATE USER` and `GRANT OPTION` privileges to complete this step." %} 

      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Locate the database connection details in AWS"
        anchor: "locating-rds-database-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/connection-details/amazon.html %}

      - title: "Define the database connection details in Stitch"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" ssl-fields=true %}

      - title: "Define the Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-log-based-replication-setting"
        content: |
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-replication-schedule)." %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

      - title: "Save the integration"
        anchor: "save-integration"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="finish-up" %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
