_saas-integrations/square/v1/square-v1.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#     USING THIS TEMPLATE    #
# -------------------------- #

## NEED HELP USING THIS TEMPLATE? SEE:
## https://docs-about-stitch-docs.netlify.com/reference/integration-templates/saas/
## FOR INSTRUCTIONS & REFERENCE INFO


# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Square (v1)
permalink: /integrations/saas/square
keywords: square, integration, schema, etl square, square etl, square schema
layout: singer
# input: false

key: "square-setup"


# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "square"
display_name: "Square"

singer: true
status-url: "http://issquareup.com/"

tap-name: "Square" ## Ex: Intercom, not intercom
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-square

this-version: "1"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} V2 and Connect V1 APIs](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square){:target="new"}


# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true 

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Standard"

api-type: "platform.square"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Incompatibilities     #
# -------------------------- #

## uncomment section below if integration is compatible with any Stitch destinations
## if incompatible with multiple destinations, create a section for each destination

## incompatible:
  ## [redshift]: "always,sometimes,never"
  ## reason: "copy" 

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Add {{ integration.display_name }} as a Stitch data source"
    anchor: "add-stitch-data-source"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/shared-setup/connection-setup.html %}
      4. Check the **Connect to a sandbox environment** if choosing to connect to your {{ integration.display_name }} sandbox.
  - title: "Define the historical replication start date"
    anchor: "define-historical-sync"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/saas/setup/historical-sync.html %}
  
  - title: "Create a replication schedule"
    anchor: "define-rep-frequency"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

  - title: "Authorizing Stitch to Access {{ integration.display_name }}"
    anchor: "authorize-stitch"
    content: |
      Lastly, you'll be directed to {{ integration.display_name }}'s website to complete the setup.

      1. Enter your {{ integration.display_name }} credentials and click **Login**.
      2. After the authorization process successfully completes, you'll be redirected back to Stitch.
      3. Click {{ app.buttons.finish-int-setup }}.
  - title: "Set objects to replicate"
    anchor: "setting-data-to-replicate"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/shared-setup/data-selection/object-selection.html %}


# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/square/v1
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Square - sandbox setup
Adds brief instructions for how to setup a sandbox environment integration for Square

_saas-integrations/square/v1/square-v1.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#     USING THIS TEMPLATE    #
# -------------------------- #

## NEED HELP USING THIS TEMPLATE? SEE:
## https://docs-about-stitch-docs.netlify.com/reference/integration-templates/saas/
## FOR INSTRUCTIONS & REFERENCE INFO


# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Square (v1)
permalink: /integrations/saas/square
keywords: square, integration, schema, etl square, square etl, square schema
layout: singer
# input: false

key: "square-setup"


# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "square"
display_name: "Square"

singer: true
status-url: "http://issquareup.com/"

tap-name: "Square" ## Ex: Intercom, not intercom
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-square

this-version: "1"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} V2 and Connect V1 APIs](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square){:target="new"}


# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true 

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Standard"

api-type: "platform.square"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Incompatibilities     #
# -------------------------- #

## uncomment section below if integration is compatible with any Stitch destinations
## if incompatible with multiple destinations, create a section for each destination

## incompatible:
  ## [redshift]: "always,sometimes,never"
  ## reason: "copy" 

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-info: |
  The Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} integration allows you to connect to your {{ integration.display_name }} sandbox environment. To connect to your sandbox environment, you must be logged into your Sandbox environment prior to setting up the integration.

setup-steps:
  - title: "Login to your {{ integration.display_name }} sandbox environment."
    anchor: "sandbox-environment"
    content: |
      {% capture skip-step %}
      This step is only required if you want to integrate your {{ integration.display_name}} sandbox environment. Skip to [step 2](#add-stitch-data-source) if you're integrating your production environment.
      {% endcapture %}

      {% include important.html type="single-line" content=skip-step %}

      If you want your Stitch {{ integration.display_name }} integration to connect to your {{ integration.display_name }} sandbox environment, you must first login to your sandbox environment before completing the next steps. This is the only way {{ integration.display_name }} can authorize Stitch to access your sandbox environment. For more information on this authorization flow, refer to the [Square documentation](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/oauth-api/walkthrough#33-test-your-authorization-flow){:target="new"}.

  - title: "Add {{ integration.display_name }} as a Stitch data source"
    anchor: "add-stitch-data-source"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/shared-setup/connection-setup.html %}
      4. Check the **Connect to a sandbox environment** if choosing to connect to your {{ integration.display_name }} sandbox. Make sure you have completed [step 1](#sandbox-environment) before moving forward.
  - title: "Define the historical replication start date"
    anchor: "define-historical-sync"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/saas/setup/historical-sync.html %}
  
  - title: "Create a replication schedule"
    anchor: "define-rep-frequency"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

  - title: "Authorizing Stitch to Access {{ integration.display_name }}"
    anchor: "authorize-stitch"
    content: |
      Lastly, you'll be directed to {{ integration.display_name }}'s website to complete the setup.

      1. Enter your {{ integration.display_name }} credentials and click **Login**.
      2. After the authorization process successfully completes, you'll be redirected back to Stitch.
      3. Click {{ app.buttons.finish-int-setup }}.
  - title: "Set objects to replicate"
    anchor: "setting-data-to-replicate"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/shared-setup/data-selection/object-selection.html %}


# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/square/v1
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
