_database-integrations/mssql/amazon-rds/v1/microsoft-sql-server-amazon-rds-v1.md, before:

---
title: Amazon Microsoft SQL Server RDS (v1)
keywords: amazon, amazon rds, rds, relational database services, database integration, etl rds, rds etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/amazon-rds-microsoft-sql-server/v1
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Amazon Microsoft SQL Server RDS using Stitch's Microsoft SQL Server integration."
show-in-menus: false

key: "amazon-mssql-rds-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "sql-server-rds"
display_name: "Amazon Microsoft SQL Server RDS"

hosting-type: "amazon"

this-version: "1"

driver: "7.2.1.jre8"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mssql
certified: true
setup-name: "Microsoft SQL Server"

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 1433
db-type: "mssql"

# Stitch features
api-type: "platform.mssql"
versions: "2012 through 2017"
ssh: true
ssl: true

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "2012"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true
log-based-replication-read-replica: false

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Privileges in Amazon Web Services (AWS) that allow you to**:

        - Create/manage Security Groups, which is required to whitelist Stitch's IP addresses.
        - View database details, which is required for retrieving the database's connection details.
  - item: "**Privileges in {{ integration.display_name }} that allow you to create/manage users.** This is required to create the Stitch database user."

  - item: "**A database running {{ integration.display_name }} version {{ page.versions }}.** {{ integration.display_name }} 2012 is the miminum version that Stitch supports for this type of integration."

  - item: |
      **If using Log-based Incremental Replication**, you'll need:

      - **The `ALTER DATABASE` privilege in Microsoft SQL Server.** This is required to complete the setup for Log-based Incremental Replication.

## Based on this AWS doc, enabling mixed mode auth shouldn't be necessary:
## https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_SQLServerWinAuth.html

# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Enable Log-based Incremental Replication with Change Tracking"
    anchor: "enable-log-based-incremental-change-tracking"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#db-user)." %}
      
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}

      {% for substep in step.substeps %}
      - [Step 2.{{ forloop.index }}: {{ substep.title }}](#{{ substep.anchor }})
      {% endfor %}

    substeps:
      - title: "Verify database compatibility"
        anchor: "verify-database-compatibility"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="verify-compatibility" %}

      - title: "Enable change tracking for the database"
        anchor: "enable-database-change-tracking"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="enable-database" %}

      - title: "Enable change tracking for tables"
        anchor: "enable-table-change-tracking"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="enable-table" %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "create-a-database-user"
    content: |
      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Locate RDS connection details in AWS"
        anchor: "locating-rds-database-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/connection-details/amazon.html %}

      - title: "Define the database connection details"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" %}
      
      - title: "Define Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-log-based-replication-setting"
        content: |
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-replication-schedule)." %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}
      
      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

      - title: "Save the integration"
        anchor: "save-integration"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="finish-up" %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_database-integrations/mssql/amazon-rds/v1/microsoft-sql-server-amazon-rds-v1.md, after:

---
title: Amazon Microsoft SQL Server RDS (v1)
keywords: amazon, amazon rds, rds, relational database services, database integration, etl rds, rds etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/amazon-rds-microsoft-sql-server/v1
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Amazon Microsoft SQL Server RDS using Stitch's Microsoft SQL Server integration."
show-in-menus: false

key: "amazon-mssql-rds-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "sql-server-rds"
display_name: "Amazon Microsoft SQL Server RDS"

hosting-type: "amazon"

this-version: "1"

driver: "7.2.1.jre8"

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-mssql
certified: true
setup-name: "Microsoft SQL Server"

frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
port: 1433
db-type: "mssql"

# Stitch features
api-type: "platform.mssql"
versions: "2012 through 2017"
ssh: true
ssl: true

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
select-all: "sometimes"
select-all-reason: "Log-based Incremental Replication must be enabled and set as the default Replication Method to use the Select All feature."

table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "2012"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true
log-based-replication-read-replica: false

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Privileges in Amazon Web Services (AWS) that allow you to**:

        - Create/manage Security Groups, which is required to whitelist Stitch's IP addresses.
        - View database details, which is required for retrieving the database's connection details.
  - item: "**Privileges in {{ integration.display_name }} that allow you to create/manage users.** This is required to create the Stitch database user."

  - item: "**A database running {{ integration.display_name }} version {{ page.versions }}.** {{ integration.display_name }} 2012 is the miminum version that Stitch supports for this type of integration."

  - item: |
      **If using Log-based Incremental Replication**, you'll need:

      - **The `ALTER DATABASE` privilege in Microsoft SQL Server.** This is required to complete the setup for Log-based Incremental Replication.

## Based on this AWS doc, enabling mixed mode auth shouldn't be necessary:
## https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_SQLServerWinAuth.html

# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Enable Log-based Incremental Replication with Change Tracking"
    anchor: "enable-log-based-incremental-change-tracking"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#db-user)." %}
      
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}

      {% for substep in step.substeps %}
      - [Step 2.{{ forloop.index }}: {{ substep.title }}](#{{ substep.anchor }})
      {% endfor %}

    substeps:
      - title: "Verify database compatibility"
        anchor: "verify-database-compatibility"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="verify-compatibility" %}

      - title: "Enable change tracking for the database"
        anchor: "enable-database-change-tracking"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="enable-database" %}

      - title: "Enable change tracking for tables"
        anchor: "enable-table-change-tracking"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/mssql-enable-change-tracking.html type="enable-table" %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "create-a-database-user"
    content: |
      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Locate RDS connection details in AWS"
        anchor: "locating-rds-database-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/connection-details/amazon.html %}

      - title: "Define the database connection details"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" %}
      
      - title: "Define Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-log-based-replication-setting"
        content: |
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-replication-schedule)." %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}
      
      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

      - title: "Save the integration"
        anchor: "save-integration"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="finish-up" %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
