_saas-integrations/harvest-forecast/harvest-forecast-latest.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Harvest Forecast (v1)
permalink: /integrations/saas/harvest-forecast
keywords: harvest, forecast, integration, schema, etl harvest forecast, harvest forecast etl, harvest forecast schema
summary: "Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Harvest Forecast integration."
layout: singer

key: "harvest-forecast-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "harvest-forecast"
display_name: "Harvest Forecast"
singer: true 
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-harvest-forecast

this-version: "1"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} Experimental API](https://help.getharvest.com/forecast/faqs/faq-list/api/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "60 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
status-url: https://www.harveststatus.com/

api-type: "platform.harvest-forecast"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: false

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **A Harvest account with access to Harvest Forecast**. Your Harvest ID will be used to authorize the integration using OAuth.

setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. Enter your Harvest Forecast account ID in the **Harvest Forecast Account ID** field. For example: If your Harvest Forecast account shows the URL as `forecastapp.com/123456/schedule/projects`, you'd enter `123456` in this field.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch to Access Harvest Forecast"
    anchor: "grant-stitch-authorization"
    content: |
      Lastly, you'll be directed to Harvest's website to complete the setup.

      1. If not already logged into Harvest Forecast, enter your credentials and click **Sign In**.
      2. A screen asking for authorization to Forecast will display. **Note that Stitch will only ever read your data.**
      3. Click **Connect.**
      4. After the authorization process successfully completes, you'll be redirected back to Stitch.
      5. Click {{ app.buttons.finish-int-setup }}.

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/harvest-forecast

---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_saas-integrations/harvest-forecast/harvest-forecast-latest.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#      Page & Formatting     #
# -------------------------- #

title: Harvest Forecast (v1)
permalink: /integrations/saas/harvest-forecast
keywords: harvest, forecast, integration, schema, etl harvest forecast, harvest forecast etl, harvest forecast schema
summary: "Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Harvest Forecast integration."
layout: singer

key: "harvest-forecast-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "harvest-forecast"
display_name: "Harvest Forecast"
singer: true 
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-harvest-forecast

this-version: "1"

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} Experimental API](https://help.getharvest.com/forecast/faqs/faq-list/api/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "60 minutes"
tier: "Standard"
status-url: https://www.harveststatus.com/

api-type: "platform.harvest-forecast"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: false

table-selection: false
column-selection: false
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **A Harvest account with access to Harvest Forecast**. Your Harvest ID will be used to authorize the integration using OAuth.

setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. Enter your Harvest Forecast account ID in the **Harvest Forecast Account ID** field. For example: If your Harvest Forecast account shows the URL as `forecastapp.com/123456/schedule/projects`, you'd enter `123456` in this field.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch to Access Harvest Forecast"
    anchor: "grant-stitch-authorization"
    content: |
      Lastly, you'll be directed to Harvest's website to complete the setup.

      1. If not already logged into Harvest Forecast, enter your credentials and click **Sign In**.
      2. A screen asking for authorization to Forecast will display. **Note that Stitch will only ever read your data.**
      3. Click **Connect.**
      4. After the authorization process successfully completes, you'll be redirected back to Stitch.
      5. Click {{ app.buttons.finish-int-setup }}.

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Tables     #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/harvest-forecast

---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
