_connect-files/api/objects/sources/sources-object.md, before:

---
# -------------------------- #
#        CONTENT TYPE        #
# -------------------------- #

content-type: "api-object"
endpoint: "sources"
order: 6


# -------------------------- #
#        OBJECT INFO         #
# -------------------------- #

title: "Source"
description: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.description }}"
endpoint-url: "/sources"


# -------------------------- #
#        VERSION INFO        #
# -------------------------- #

latest-version: "4"
versions:
  - number: "4"
    deprecated: false


# -------------------------- #
#      AVAILABLE METHODS     #
# -------------------------- #

available-methods:
  - id: "create-a-source"
    title: "Create a source"
    method: "post"
    short: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.create.short | flatify }}"

  - id: "update-a-source"
    title: "Update a source"
    method: "put"
    short: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.update.description | flatify }}"

  - id: "retrieve-a-source"
    title: "Retrieve a source"
    method: "get"
    short: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.retrieve.description | flatify }}"

  - id: "list-sources"
    title: "List all sources"
    method: "get"
    short: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.list.description | flatify }}"

  - id: "delete-a-source"
    title: "Delete a source"
    method: "delete"
    short: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.delete.description | flatify }}"


# -------------------------- #
#      OBJECT ATTRIBUTES     #
# -------------------------- #

object-attributes:
  - name: "id"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The unique identifier for this source."

  - name: "created_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "The time at which the source object was created."

  - name: "deleted_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "The time at which the source object was deleted."

  - name: "display_name"
    type: "string"
    description: "The display name of the source connection."

  - name: "name"
    type: "string"
    description: "{{ connect.common.attributes.name }}"

  - name: "paused_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "If the connection was paused by the user, the time the pause began. Otherwise, or if the connection is active, this will be null."

  - name: "properties"
    type: "object"
    sub-type: "properties"
    url: "{{ api.data-structures.properties.section }}"
    description: "{{ connect.common.attributes.properties | flatify }}"

  - name: "report_card"
    type: "object"
    sub-type: "source report card"
    url: "{{ api.data-structures.report-cards.source.section }}"
    description: "A description of the source's configuration state."

  - name: "stitch_client_id"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the Stitch client account."

  - name: "system_paused_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "If the connection was paused by the system, the time the pause began. Otherwise, or if the connection is active, this will be null."

  - name: "type"
    type: "string"
    description: "The source type."

  - name: "updated_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "The time at which the object was last updated."
---

Commit message:

Connect: Add start/stop job & new attributes to `properties` object (#315)
* Add `replication job` to API terminology

* Update `structure sync` definition

* Clarify `type` and `id` for sources and destinations

There are a lot of `id` and `type` fields flying around. This adds
things like `source_id` or `source_type` to clarify which piece of data
is actually needed to do things.

* Add replication job object

* Add base replication job object data to api.yml and core-objects

* Add replication job endpoints

* First pass at errors for replication job endpoints

* Update error messages for source endpoints

* Clean up {id}s that escape in the first commit

* Correct data type for destination `port` and `encryption_port` properties

These are actually `string`s, not `integers

* Add description for replication job object

* Make menu collapse by default; add replication jobs section

* Fix links in example tabs

* Update report card examples for /v4/sources endpoint

* Update report card and response examples for /v4/destinations

* Update `properties` object

* Update `properties` descriptions in source and destination objects

_connect-files/api/objects/sources/sources-object.md, after:

---
# -------------------------- #
#        CONTENT TYPE        #
# -------------------------- #

content-type: "api-object"
endpoint: "sources"
order: 6


# -------------------------- #
#        OBJECT INFO         #
# -------------------------- #

title: "Source"
description: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.description }}"
endpoint-url: "/sources"


# -------------------------- #
#        VERSION INFO        #
# -------------------------- #

latest-version: "4"
versions:
  - number: "4"
    deprecated: false


# -------------------------- #
#      AVAILABLE METHODS     #
# -------------------------- #

available-methods:
  - id: "create-a-source"
    title: "Create a source"
    method: "post"
    short: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.create.short | flatify }}"

  - id: "update-a-source"
    title: "Update a source"
    method: "put"
    short: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.update.description | flatify }}"

  - id: "retrieve-a-source"
    title: "Retrieve a source"
    method: "get"
    short: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.retrieve.description | flatify }}"

  - id: "list-sources"
    title: "List all sources"
    method: "get"
    short: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.list.description | flatify }}"

  - id: "delete-a-source"
    title: "Delete a source"
    method: "delete"
    short: "{{ api.core-objects.sources.delete.description | flatify }}"


# -------------------------- #
#      OBJECT ATTRIBUTES     #
# -------------------------- #

object-attributes:
  - name: "id"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The unique identifier for this source."

  - name: "created_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "The time at which the source object was created."

  - name: "deleted_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "The time at which the source object was deleted."

  - name: "display_name"
    type: "string"
    description: "The display name of the source connection."

  - name: "name"
    type: "string"
    description: "{{ connect.common.attributes.name }}"

  - name: "paused_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "If the connection was paused by the user, the time the pause began. Otherwise, or if the connection is active, this will be null."

  - name: "properties"
    type: "object"
    sub-type: " source form properties"
    url: "{{ api.form-properties.source-forms.section }}"
    description: |
      Parameters for connecting to the source, excluding any sensitive credentials. The parameters must adhere to the `type` of source.

      **Note**: When included in responses, this object will contain the current values for the source's form properties. If an optional property (`is_required: false`) has not been provided, it will not be present in this object.

  - name: "report_card"
    type: "object"
    sub-type: "source report card"
    url: "{{ api.data-structures.report-cards.source.section }}"
    description: "A description of the source's configuration state."

  - name: "stitch_client_id"
    type: "integer"
    description: "The ID of the Stitch client account."

  - name: "system_paused_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "If the connection was paused by the system, the time the pause began. Otherwise, or if the connection is active, this will be null."

  - name: "type"
    type: "string"
    description: "The source type."

  - name: "updated_at"
    type: "timestamp"
    description: "The time at which the object was last updated."
---
