_database-integrations/postgres/amazon-rds/v1/postgresql-amazon-rds-v1.md, before:

---
title: Amazon PostgreSQL RDS (v1)
keywords: amazon, amazon rds, rds, relational database services, database integration, etl rds, rds etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/amazon-rds-postgresql/v1
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Amazon PostgreSQL RDS using Stitch's PostgreSQL integration."
microsites:
  - title: "{{ page.display_name }} to Postgres"
    url: "http://postgres.topostges.com/"

key: "postgresql-rds-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "postgresql-rds"
display_name: "Amazon PostgreSQL RDS"

singer: true
tap-name: "Postgres"
repo-url: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-postgres"

hosting-type: "amazon"

this-version: "1"

driver: |
  [Psycopg 2.7.4](http://initd.org/psycopg/docs/index.html){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true
setup-name: "PostgreSQL"

frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Standard"
port: 5432
db-type: "postgres"

# Stitch features
api-type: "platform.postgres"
versions: "9.3+; 9.4+ for binlog"
ssh: true
ssl: true

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "9.4"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true

log-based-replication-read-replica: false
log-based-replication-read-replica-reason: "PostgreSQL only supports logical replication on master instances."
log-based-replication-read-replica-doc-link: |
  {{ link.replication.log-based-incremental | prepend: site.baseurl | append: "#limitation-7--only-supports-master-instances-postgresql" }} 

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

notice-first-line: "**PostgreSQL RDS as an input data source**"
notice-copy: |

  This article describes how to connect {{ integration.display_name }} **as an input data source.**

  If you want to connect a {{ integration.display_name }} instance as a **destination**, refer to the [Connecting an {{ integration.display_name }} Destination guide]({{ link.destinations.setup.postgres-rds | prepend: site.baseurl }}).

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Permissions in Amazon Web Services (AWS) that allow you to**:

        - Create/manage Security Groups, which is required to whitelist Stitch's IP addresses.
        - View database details, which is required for retrieving the database's connection details
  - item: "**Permissions in PostgreSQL that allow you to create users.** This is required to create a database user for Stitch."
  - item: |
      **If using Log-based Incremental Replication**, you'll need:

      - **A database running PostgreSQL 9.4 or greater**. Earlier versions of PostgreSQL do not include logical replication functionality, which is required for Log-based Replication.
      - **The `rds_superuser` role in your {{ integration.display_name }} database, if you want to use Log-based Replication.** [This role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Appendix.PostgreSQL.CommonDBATasks.html#Appendix.PostgreSQL.CommonDBATasks.Roles){:target="new"} is required to grant the `rds_replication` privilege to Stitch's database user.
      - **To connect to the master instance.** Log-based replication will only work on master instances due to a feature gap in PostgreSQL 10. [Based on their forums](https://commitfest.postgresql.org/12/788/){:target="new"}, PostgreSQL is working on adding support for using logical replication on a read replica to a future version.
  - item: |
      **If you're not using Log-based Incremental Replication**, you'll need:

      - **A database running PostgreSQL 9.3.x or greater.** PostgreSQL 9.3.x is the minimum version Stitch supports for PostgreSQL integrations.
      - **To verify if the database is a read replica, or follower**. While we always recommend connecting a replica over a production database, this also means you may need to verify some of its settings before connecting it to Stitch:
         - `max_standby_streaming_delay`, `max_standby_archive_delay` settings - We recommend setting these parameters to 8-12 hours for an initial replication job and then decreasing them afterwards.
         - `hot_standby_feedback` - Set this to `on` - or `1` for true. This will avoid the `conflict with recovery` error when a parameter group updates.


# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "create-a-database-user"
    content: |
      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Configure Log-based Incremental Replication"
    anchor: "configure-log-based-incremental-replication"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#connect-stitch)." %}
      
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}

      In this section:

      {% for substep in step.substeps %}
      - [Step 3.{{ forloop.index }}: {{ substep.title | flatify }}](#{{ substep.anchor }})
      {% endfor %}
    substeps:
      - title: "Configure the database parameter group"
        anchor: "configure-database-parameter-group"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/postgresql-rds.html %}

      - title: "Define the backup retention period"
        anchor: "define-backup-retention-period"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="backup-retention-period" %}

      - title: "Apply parameter changes and reboot the database"
        anchor: "apply-changes-reboot-database"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="reboot-the-instance" %}

      - title: "Create a replication slot"
        anchor: "create-replication-slot"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/postgres-replication-slot.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Locate the database connection details in AWS"
        anchor: "locating-rds-database-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/connection-details/amazon.html type="connection-details" %}

      - title: "Define the database connection details in Stitch"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" %}

      - title: "Define Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-log-based-replication-setting"
        content: |
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-replication-schedule)." %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

      - title: "Save the integration"
        anchor: "save-integration"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="finish-up" %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_database-integrations/postgres/amazon-rds/v1/postgresql-amazon-rds-v1.md, after:

---
title: Amazon PostgreSQL RDS (v1)
keywords: amazon, amazon rds, rds, relational database services, database integration, etl rds, rds etl
permalink: /integrations/databases/amazon-rds-postgresql/v1
summary: "Connect and replicate data from your Amazon PostgreSQL RDS using Stitch's PostgreSQL integration."
microsites:
  - title: "{{ page.display_name }} to Postgres"
    url: "http://postgres.topostges.com/"

key: "postgresql-rds-integration"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "postgresql-rds"
display_name: "Amazon PostgreSQL RDS"

singer: true
tap-name: "Postgres"
repo-url: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-postgres"

hosting-type: "amazon"

this-version: "1"

driver: |
  [Psycopg 2.7.4](http://initd.org/psycopg/docs/index.html){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true
setup-name: "PostgreSQL"

frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Standard"
port: 5432
db-type: "postgres"

# Stitch features
api-type: "platform.postgres"
versions: "9.3+; 9.4+ for binlog"
ssh: true
ssl: true

## General replication features

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true
select-all: "sometimes"
select-all-reason: "Log-based Incremental Replication must be enabled and set as the default Replication Method to use the Select All feature."

table-level-reset: true

## Replication methods

define-replication-methods: true

log-based-replication-minimum-version: "9.4"
log-based-replication-master-instance: true

log-based-replication-read-replica: false
log-based-replication-read-replica-reason: "PostgreSQL only supports logical replication on master instances."
log-based-replication-read-replica-doc-link: |
  {{ link.replication.log-based-incremental | prepend: site.baseurl | append: "#limitation-7--only-supports-master-instances-postgresql" }} 

## Other Replication Methods

key-based-incremental-replication: true
full-table-replication: true

view-replication: true


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Requirements    #
# -------------------------- #

notice-first-line: "**PostgreSQL RDS as an input data source**"
notice-copy: |

  This article describes how to connect {{ integration.display_name }} **as an input data source.**

  If you want to connect a {{ integration.display_name }} instance as a **destination**, refer to the [Connecting an {{ integration.display_name }} Destination guide]({{ link.destinations.setup.postgres-rds | prepend: site.baseurl }}).

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Permissions in Amazon Web Services (AWS) that allow you to**:

        - Create/manage Security Groups, which is required to whitelist Stitch's IP addresses.
        - View database details, which is required for retrieving the database's connection details
  - item: "**Permissions in PostgreSQL that allow you to create users.** This is required to create a database user for Stitch."
  - item: |
      **If using Log-based Incremental Replication**, you'll need:

      - **A database running PostgreSQL 9.4 or greater**. Earlier versions of PostgreSQL do not include logical replication functionality, which is required for Log-based Replication.
      - **The `rds_superuser` role in your {{ integration.display_name }} database, if you want to use Log-based Replication.** [This role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Appendix.PostgreSQL.CommonDBATasks.html#Appendix.PostgreSQL.CommonDBATasks.Roles){:target="new"} is required to grant the `rds_replication` privilege to Stitch's database user.
      - **To connect to the master instance.** Log-based replication will only work on master instances due to a feature gap in PostgreSQL 10. [Based on their forums](https://commitfest.postgresql.org/12/788/){:target="new"}, PostgreSQL is working on adding support for using logical replication on a read replica to a future version.
  - item: |
      **If you're not using Log-based Incremental Replication**, you'll need:

      - **A database running PostgreSQL 9.3.x or greater.** PostgreSQL 9.3.x is the minimum version Stitch supports for PostgreSQL integrations.
      - **To verify if the database is a read replica, or follower**. While we always recommend connecting a replica over a production database, this also means you may need to verify some of its settings before connecting it to Stitch:
         - `max_standby_streaming_delay`, `max_standby_archive_delay` settings - We recommend setting these parameters to 8-12 hours for an initial replication job and then decreasing them afterwards.
         - `hot_standby_feedback` - Set this to `on` - or `1` for true. This will avoid the `conflict with recovery` error when a parameter group updates.


# -------------------------- #
#     Setup Instructions     #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Configure database connection settings"
    anchor: "connect-settings"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/templates/configure-connection-settings.html %}

  - title: "Create a Stitch database user"
    anchor: "create-a-database-user"
    content: |
      Next, you'll create a dedicated database user for Stitch. This will ensure Stitch is visible in any logs or audits, and allow you to maintain your privilege hierarchy.

      {% include integrations/templates/create-database-user-tabs.html %}

  - title: "Configure Log-based Incremental Replication"
    anchor: "configure-log-based-incremental-replication"
    content: |
      {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#connect-stitch)." %}
      
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/configure-server-settings-intro.html %}

      In this section:

      {% for substep in step.substeps %}
      - [Step 3.{{ forloop.index }}: {{ substep.title | flatify }}](#{{ substep.anchor }})
      {% endfor %}
    substeps:
      - title: "Configure the database parameter group"
        anchor: "configure-database-parameter-group"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/postgresql-rds.html %}

      - title: "Define the backup retention period"
        anchor: "define-backup-retention-period"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="backup-retention-period" %}

      - title: "Apply parameter changes and reboot the database"
        anchor: "apply-changes-reboot-database"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/amazon-rds/define-database-settings.html content="reboot-the-instance" %}

      - title: "Create a replication slot"
        anchor: "create-replication-slot"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/postgres-replication-slot.html %}

  - title: "Connect Stitch"
    anchor: "connect-stitch"
    content: |
      In this step, you'll complete the setup by entering the database's connection details and defining replication settings in Stitch.

    substeps:
      - title: "Locate the database connection details in AWS"
        anchor: "locating-rds-database-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/connection-details/amazon.html type="connection-details" %}

      - title: "Define the database connection details in Stitch"
        anchor: "define-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="general" %}

      - title: "Define the SSH connection details"
        anchor: "ssh-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssh" %}

      - title: "Define the SSL connection details"
        anchor: "ssl-connection-details"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="ssl" %}

      - title: "Define Log-based Replication setting"
        anchor: "define-log-based-replication-setting"
        content: |
          {% include note.html type="single-line" content="**Note**: Skip this step if you're not planning to use Log-based Incremental Replication. [Click to skip ahead](#create-replication-schedule)." %}

          {% include integrations/databases/setup/binlog/log-based-replication-default-setting.html %}

      - title: "Create a replication schedule"
        anchor: "create-replication-schedule"
        content: |
          {% include integrations/shared-setup/replication-frequency.html %}

      - title: "Save the integration"
        anchor: "save-integration"
        content: |
          {% include shared/database-connection-settings.html type="finish-up" %}

  - title: "Select data to replicate"
    anchor: "sync-data"
    content: |
      {% include integrations/databases/setup/syncing.html %}
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
