_saas-integrations/google-ecommerce/google-ecommerce-latest.md, before:

---
title: Google ECommerce
permalink: /integrations/saas/google-ecommerce
keywords: google ecommerce, integration, schema, etl google ecommerce, google ecommerce etl, google ecommerce schema
summary: "Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Google ECommerce integration."
layout: singer

key: "google-ecommerce-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "google-ecommerce"
display_name: "Google ECommerce"
singer: false
status-url: "https://www.google.com/appsstatus#hl=en&v=status"

this-version: "15-10-2015"

api: |
  [Google Analytics Reporting API v4](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/core/v4/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true

historical: "15 days"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: false

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true

## Row usage details

row-usage-hog: true
row-usage-hog-reasons:
  data-structure: false
  data-volume: false
  lots-of-full-table: false


# -------------------------- #
#      Querying Details      #
# -------------------------- #

## GA's default attribution window. Stitch queries for
## this number of days during each replication job to
## account for any updates to existing records made during 
## this time.

replication-notes: true
attribution-window: "15 days"


# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **At least Read & Analyze permissions in the account you want to connect to Stitch**. [See Google's documentation for more info](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2884495?hl=en){:target="new"}.

  - item: "**To have recent data in the account you want to connect to Stitch.** Verify that there is data from the past 30 days in the account before continuing."

  - item: "**To pause all ad-blocking software**. Because Google authentication uses pop ups, you may encounter issues if ad blockers aren't disabled during the setup."

  - item: |
      **To enable the [Enable ECommerce](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1009612?hl=en){:target="new"} setting in your Google Analytics account.** If you have ECommerce data in your account, this setting is already enabled and you can move on.


setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch and select a Google Analytics profile"
    anchor: "auth-select-ga-profile"
    content: |
      1. Next, you’ll be prompted to log into your Google account and to approve Stitch’s access to your {{ integration.display_name }} data. **Note that we will only ever read your data.**
      2. Click **Allow** to continue.
      3. After your credentials are validated, you’ll be prompted to select the Google Analytics profile you want to connect to Stitch:

         ![Selecting a Google Analytics profile.]({{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/ga-select-profiles.png)

         **Remember:** Profiles need to have Read & Analyze permissions to be detected by Stitch. If you don’t see the profile you want in this list, we recommend that you double-check the permission settings.
      4. When finished, click **Continue** to save the integration and complete the setup.
  - title: "replication frequency"


# -------------------------- #
#     Replication Notes      #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - content: |
      {% include integrations/saas/attribution-windows.html %}

# -------------------------- #
#        Schema Notes        #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/google-ecommerce

schema-sections:
  - content: |
      After the first successful sync of your {{ integration.display_name }} data, you'll see a single table in your data warehouse. The table follows this naming convention:

      `ecommerce[GA profile id]_integration version`

      For example: `ecommerce123456789_v2`. In this case, the profile ID is `123456789` and the version of the ECommerce integration is `2`.
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Add `select-all` and `select-all-reason` to integrations
Only integrations that don't support or sometimes support the new Select All feature will have these attributes. As it'll be the default for integrations going forward, marking which ones don't support it (and therefore are outliers) is simpler.

_saas-integrations/google-ecommerce/google-ecommerce-latest.md, after:

---
title: Google ECommerce
permalink: /integrations/saas/google-ecommerce
keywords: google ecommerce, integration, schema, etl google ecommerce, google ecommerce etl, google ecommerce schema
summary: "Connection instructions, replication info, and schema details for Stitch's Google ECommerce integration."
layout: singer

key: "google-ecommerce-setup"

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

name: "google-ecommerce"
display_name: "Google ECommerce"
singer: false
status-url: "https://www.google.com/appsstatus#hl=en&v=status"

this-version: "15-10-2015"

api: |
  [Google Analytics Reporting API v4](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/core/v4/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true

historical: "15 days"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Standard"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: false

table-selection: false
column-selection: false
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.
select-all: false
select-all-reason: |
  As this integration doesn't support table or column selection, all available tables and columns are automatically replicated.

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true

## Row usage details

row-usage-hog: true
row-usage-hog-reasons:
  data-structure: false
  data-volume: false
  lots-of-full-table: false


# -------------------------- #
#      Querying Details      #
# -------------------------- #

## GA's default attribution window. Stitch queries for
## this number of days during each replication job to
## account for any updates to existing records made during 
## this time.

replication-notes: true
attribution-window: "15 days"


# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **At least Read & Analyze permissions in the account you want to connect to Stitch**. [See Google's documentation for more info](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2884495?hl=en){:target="new"}.

  - item: "**To have recent data in the account you want to connect to Stitch.** Verify that there is data from the past 30 days in the account before continuing."

  - item: "**To pause all ad-blocking software**. Because Google authentication uses pop ups, you may encounter issues if ad blockers aren't disabled during the setup."

  - item: |
      **To enable the [Enable ECommerce](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1009612?hl=en){:target="new"} setting in your Google Analytics account.** If you have ECommerce data in your account, this setting is already enabled and you can move on.


setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
  - title: "Authorize Stitch and select a Google Analytics profile"
    anchor: "auth-select-ga-profile"
    content: |
      1. Next, you’ll be prompted to log into your Google account and to approve Stitch’s access to your {{ integration.display_name }} data. **Note that we will only ever read your data.**
      2. Click **Allow** to continue.
      3. After your credentials are validated, you’ll be prompted to select the Google Analytics profile you want to connect to Stitch:

         ![Selecting a Google Analytics profile.]({{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/ga-select-profiles.png)

         **Remember:** Profiles need to have Read & Analyze permissions to be detected by Stitch. If you don’t see the profile you want in this list, we recommend that you double-check the permission settings.
      4. When finished, click **Continue** to save the integration and complete the setup.
  - title: "replication frequency"


# -------------------------- #
#     Replication Notes      #
# -------------------------- #

replication-sections:
  - content: |
      {% include integrations/saas/attribution-windows.html %}

# -------------------------- #
#        Schema Notes        #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/google-ecommerce

schema-sections:
  - content: |
      After the first successful sync of your {{ integration.display_name }} data, you'll see a single table in your data warehouse. The table follows this naming convention:

      `ecommerce[GA profile id]_integration version`

      For example: `ecommerce123456789_v2`. In this case, the profile ID is `123456789` and the version of the ECommerce integration is `2`.
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
