_saas-integrations/shippo/shippo-latest.md, before:

---
title: Shippo (v1.0)
permalink: /integrations/saas/shippo
keywords: shippo, integration, schema, etl shippo, shippo etl, shippo schema
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's Shippo integration."
layout: singer

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "shippo"
display_name: "Shippo"

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-shippo

# this-version: "1.0"
# api-version: 2016-10-25

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Free"
status-url: https://status.goshippo.com/

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

anchor-scheduling: false
cron-scheduling: false

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} API token"
    anchor: "retrieve-api-creds"
    content: |
      1. Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account.
      2. In the left nav tab, click **API**.
      3. Locate the **API LIve Token** field in the **Tokens** section:

         ![Shippo API token.]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/integrations/shippo-api-credentials.png)

         Leave this page open for now - you'll need it to complete the setup.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **{{ integration.display_name }} Token** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} API Live token.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#        Table Schemas       #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/shippo
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}

Commit message:

Integration summaries, pt.1 (#337)
* Add base docs

* Fix display issue with _sdc column tabs

I think that due to the changes in the sidenav, there were duplicate
object IDs on the page that was causing the tabs to behave incorrectly.
This fixes that.

* Move Intacct; another pass at instructions

* More setup instruction tweaks

* Add integration feature summary section

This section will summarize at a really high level what the integration
does/doesn’t do. Like what API(s) are used, etc

* Add logo

* Add feature summaries to SaaS integrations

* Add Intacct version file

* Update sdc columns for Intacct

_saas-integrations/shippo/shippo-latest.md, after:

---
title: Shippo (v1.0)
permalink: /integrations/saas/shippo
keywords: shippo, integration, schema, etl shippo, shippo etl, shippo schema
summary: "Connection instructions and schema details for Stitch's Shippo integration."
layout: singer

# -------------------------- #
#         Tap Details        #
# -------------------------- #

name: "shippo"
display_name: "Shippo"

singer: true
repo-url: https://github.com/singer-io/tap-shippo

# this-version: "1.0"
# api-version: 2016-10-25

api: |
  [{{ integration.display_name }} API](https://goshippo.com/docs/intro/){:target="new"}

# -------------------------- #
#     Integration Details    #
# -------------------------- #

status: "Released"
certified: false

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "30 minutes"
tier: "Free"
status-url: https://status.goshippo.com/

table-selection: false
column-selection: false

anchor-scheduling: false
cron-scheduling: false

extraction-logs: false
loading-reports: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.


# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

setup-steps:
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} API token"
    anchor: "retrieve-api-creds"
    content: |
      1. Sign into your {{ integration.display_name }} account.
      2. In the left nav tab, click **API**.
      3. Locate the **API LIve Token** field in the **Tokens** section:

         ![Shippo API token.]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/integrations/shippo-api-credentials.png)

         Leave this page open for now - you'll need it to complete the setup.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **{{ integration.display_name }} Token** field, paste your {{ integration.display_name }} API Live token.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

# -------------------------- #
#        Table Schemas       #
# -------------------------- #

# Looking for the table schemas & info?
# Each table has a its own .md file in /_integration-schemas/shippo
---
{% assign integration = page %}
{% include misc/data-files.html %}
